-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 FTH5fioq9bbYJYcjxQxNU3FNntHfkBKOMu9XIwpCZ+u7a7V1fYrbYXSiV9/UvxaM
 VO6mjAXmY/kPoB90m4WT9Q==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000077476-99-000013.txt : 19990325
<SEC-HEADER>0000077476-99-000013.hdr.sgml : 19990325
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000077476-99-000013
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		8
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	19981226
FILED AS OF DATE:		19990324

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			PEPSICO INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000077476
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BEVERAGES [2080]
		IRS NUMBER:				131584302
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NC
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1228

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-01183
		FILM NUMBER:		99571298

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		700 ANDERSON HILL RD
		CITY:			PURCHASE
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10577
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9142532000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		700 ANDERSON HILL ROAD
		CITY:			PURCHASE
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10577-1444

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PEPSI COLA CO
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19700903
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<DESCRIPTION>ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K
<TEXT>


                                                            No. 1-1183

                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             Washington, D.C. 20549

                                  FORM 10-K
                                ANNUAL REPORT
        Pursuant to Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
                 For the Fiscal Year Ended December 26, 1998

                                PepsiCo, Inc.
                         Incorporated in North Carolina
                          Purchase, New York 10577-1444
                                (914) 253-2000

                                  13-1584302
                     (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)
                          -------------------------
             Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the
                        Securities Exchange Act of 1934:

                                              Name of Each Exchange
         Title of Each Class                   on Which Registered
         -------------------                   -------------------

 Capital Stock, par value 1-2/3 cents      New York and Chicago Stock
              per share                             Exchanges

        Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934: None

      Indicate by check mark whether the  registrant:  (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the  Securities  Exchange  Act of
1934  during  the  preceding  12 months  (or for such  shorter  period  that the
registrant  was required to file such  reports) and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes X  No _____
                                                      
      Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item
405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the
best of registrant's  knowledge,  in definitive proxy or information  statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this
Form 10-K. [ ]

            The  number of shares of PepsiCo  Capital  Stock  outstanding  as of
March 12, 1999 was 1,475,878,212.  The aggregate market value of PepsiCo Capital
Stock held by nonaffiliates of PepsiCo as of March 12, 1999 was $56,821,311,162.


     Documents of Which Portions          Parts of Form 10-K into Which Portion
     Are Incorporated by Reference          of Documents Are Incorporated
     -----------------------------          -----------------------------
     Proxy Statement for PepsiCo's                 I, III
     May 5,1999 Annual Meeting of 
           Shareholders
                        


<PAGE>


                                     PART I
Item 1.     Business

      PepsiCo,  Inc. was incorporated in Delaware in 1919 and was reincorporated
in North Carolina in 1986. PepsiCo is engaged in the soft drink, juice and snack
food  businesses.  When used in this Report the terms "we", "us" and "our" shall
mean PepsiCo and its divisions and subsidiaries.

      In October 1997, we spun off to our  shareholders all of our quick service
restaurant  businesses,  consisting  of Pizza  Hut,  Taco  Bell  and KFC,  as an
independent  publicly-traded  company.  Also in 1997 we sold PFS, our restaurant
distribution operation, and our non-core restaurant businesses.

      On November 12, 1998,  our Board of Directors  authorized  conversion of a
majority  stake in our  company-owned  bottling  operations to public  ownership
through an initial public offering,  subject to market conditions and regulatory
approvals.  The new company,  named The Pepsi Bottling Group, Inc. ("PBG"), is a
wholly-owned  subsidiary of PepsiCo. PBG has filed an S-1 registration statement
with the Securities and Exchange  Commission for the initial public  offering of
its  common  stock.  We  expect  that  the S-1  registration  statement  will be
effective  and the public  offering  completed  during  PepsiCo's  second fiscal
quarter.

      The  reorganization  of our beverage business was undertaken in connection
with the proposed  conversion  to public  ownership  of a majority  stake in our
bottling operations,  and the reorganization was not completed until early 1999.
Accordingly,  our 1998  Financial  Statements  and  Management's  Discussion and
Analysis  contained  in  Part  II of  this  Annual  Report  do not  reflect  the
reorganization.

THE PEPSI-COLA COMPANY

      The Pepsi-Cola  Company  ("PCC") was  reorganized  in November,  1998 into
three business units:  Pepsi-Cola  North America  ("PCNA"),  Pepsi-Cola  Company
International  ("PCI") and The Pepsi Bottling Group. As described  below,  these
business units manufacture,  sell and distribute "Pepsi-Cola  Beverages",  which
include not only beverages bearing the Pepsi-Cola or Pepsi  trademarks,  such as
Pepsi-Cola,  Diet Pepsi, Pepsi One and Pepsi Max, but also other brands owned by
PepsiCo including  MOUNTAIN DEW, 7UP (outside the U.S.),  SLICE, MUG,  AQUAFINA,
and Mirinda.

      Pepsi-Cola North America

      PCNA  manufactures  Pepsi-Cola  Beverage  concentrates  and sells  them to
bottlers in the United States and Canada.  PCNA's bottlers are licensed by us to
manufacture,  sell and  distribute,  within defined  territories,  beverages and
syrups bearing the Pepsi-Cola Beverage trademarks.  Approximately 100 plants are
operated by  independent  licensees or  unconsolidated  affiliates of PCNA,  who
manufacture,  sell  and  distribute  beverages  in  approximately  275  licensed
territories in the United States and Canada.  PCNA has a minority  interest in 6
of these licensees, comprising approximately 60 licensed territories. Pepsi-Cola
Beverage   concentrates  are  manufactured  in  two   company-owned   syrup  and
concentrate plants in the United States and Canada.

                                       2
<PAGE>

      PCNA also  develops  the national  marketing,  promotion  and  advertising
programs that support the Pepsi-Cola  Beverage brands and brand image;  oversees
the quality of the Pepsi-Cola Beverages; develops new products and packaging and
approves  packaging  suppliers;  and leads and  coordinates  selling efforts for
national fountain, supermarket and mass merchandising accounts.

      The  Pepsi/Lipton  Tea  Partnership,  a joint  venture of PCNA and Lipton,
sells  tea  concentrate  to  Pepsi-Cola  bottlers,   and  develops  and  markets
ready-to-drink  tea products under the LIPTON trademark,  including LIPTON BRISK
and LIPTON'S ICED TEA.  PepsiCo's  partnership  with the  Starbucks  Corporation
develops  ready-to-drink  coffee  products,  which are sold under the  Starbucks
FRAPPUCINO trademark. These products are distributed by Pepsi-Cola bottlers.

      Pepsi-Cola International

      PCI  manufactures  Pepsi-Cola  Beverage  concentrates  and  sells  them to
bottlers  outside of the United  States  and  Canada who are  licensed  by us to
manufacture,  sell  and  distribute,  within  defined  territories,   Pepsi-Cola
Beverage products. In certain countries, PCI also owns and operates the bottling
businesses  which  manufacture,  sell and  distribute  the  Pepsi-Cola  Beverage
products.

      PCI  operates  24  bottling  plants and its  authorized  bottlers  operate
approximately 330 additional  bottling plants.  Pepsi-Cola Beverage products are
sold in approximately 168 countries through PCI's  company-owned and independent
bottlers.  Principal  international  markets include Argentina,  Brazil,  China,
India,  Mexico, the Philippines,  Saudi Arabia,  Spain,  Thailand and the United
Kingdom.

      The Pepsi Bottling Group

      The Pepsi  Bottling  Group was recently  organized as an operating unit of
PepsiCo to  conduct  company-owned  bottling  operations  in the United  States,
Canada,  Spain,  Greece  and  Russia.  In the  United  States  and  Canada,  PBG
manufactures  Pepsi-Cola Beverages in approximately 64 bottling plants and sells
and distributes those beverages in all or a portion of 41 states,the District of
Columbia and eight Canadian  provinces.  This accounts for  approximately 55% of
the Pepsi-Cola Beverages sold in the United States and Canada. PBG also operates
11 bottling plants outside of the United States and Canada.

      On January 25, 1999, PepsiCo signed an agreement with Whitman  Corporation
providing for the  combination of certain of PepsiCo's  bottling  businesses and
assets in the midwestern United States and Central Europe with those of Whitman.
The agreement also provides that Whitman will assume liabilities associated with
the U.S.  operations of PepsiCo being transferred to it and will acquire certain
of PepsiCo's  international  operations in Central Europe for cash. PepsiCo will
receive $300  million in net proceeds  plus 35% of the common stock in the newly
created  Whitman.  Whitman  will also  transfer to PBG  bottling  operations  in
Virginia,  West  Virginia  and St.  Petersburg,  Russia.  Whitman  has agreed to
undertake a stock  repurchase  program that is  anticipated  to raise  PepsiCo's
stake in Whitman to 40%. The  transaction  is subject to approval by  regulators
and Whitman shareholders.

                                       3
<PAGE>



TROPICANA PRODUCTS, INC.

      Tropicana Products,  Inc. ("TPI"),  which we acquired in the third quarter
of 1998, is the world's  largest  marketer and producer of branded  juices.  TPI
manufactures  and  sells  its  products  under  such well  known  trademarks  as
Tropicana  Pure Premium,  TROPICANA  SEASON'S BEST and,  under license from Dole
Food Company,  Inc.,  DOLE. In the United States,  TPI's portfolio also includes
TROPICANA  TWISTER juice beverage products and TROPICANA PURE TROPICS 100% juice
products.  Outside the United States, TPI holds leading positions in the chilled
orange juice industries in Belgium,  Canada,  France and the United Kingdom.  It
also  manufactures  and sells FRUVITA chilled juices,  LOOZA nectars and juices,
COPELLA fruit juices and HITCHCOCK shelf-stable juices in the United Kingdom and
elsewhere in Europe.

      TPI's manufacturing operations in Bradenton, Florida provide approximately
90% of the  worldwide  distribution  of  TROPICANA  PURE PREMIUM  products.  TPI
operates seven regional  distribution centers that serve customers in the United
States and Canada.  High-speed  refrigerated  trains are used to  transport  the
product quickly and efficiently  from the Bradenton  manufacturing  plant to the
principal  field  distribution  centers.  A high priority is placed on inventory
management  techniques  that ensure product  quality and freshness.  Tropicana's
products  are  produced  and  packaged  in  approximately  25  plants  worldwide
(including  17  independent  co-packer  facilities)  and  are  available  in  23
countries.

THE FRITO-LAY COMPANY

      Our snack food  business  is  conducted  by The  Frito-Lay  Company,  an
operating  group  comprised of two business  units:  Frito-Lay  North  America
("Frito-Lay") and Frito-Lay International ("FLI").

      Frito-Lay North America

      Frito-Lay  manufactures  and  sells a  varied  line of salty  snack  foods
throughout  the United  States and Canada,  including  LAY'S and  RUFFLES  brand
potato  chips,  DORITOS and TOSTITOS  brand  tortilla  chips,  FRITOS brand corn
chips, CHEETOS brand cheese flavored snacks, ROLD GOLD brand pretzels,  SUNCHIPS
brand multigrain snacks, as well as WOW! brand potato and tortilla chips.

      Frito-Lay's  products are  transported  from its  manufacturing  plants to
major  distribution  centers,  principally by  company-owned  trucks.  Frito-Lay
utilizes a "store-door-delivery" system, whereby its approximately 20,000 person
sales force delivers the snacks directly to the store shelf. This system permits
Frito-Lay to work  closely with  approximately  480,000  retail trade  locations
weekly and to be  responsive  to their needs.  Frito-Lay  believes  this form of
distribution  is a  valuable  marketing  tool and is  essential  for the  proper
distribution of products with a short shelf life.

                                       4
<PAGE>



      Frito-Lay International

      FLI's  products are available in 109  countries  outside the United States
and Canada through company-owned facilities and affiliated companies. On most of
the European continent, PepsiCo's snack food business is conducted through Snack
Ventures  Europe,  a joint venture between  PepsiCo and General Mills,  Inc., in
which  PepsiCo owns a 60%  interest.  FLI sells a variety of snack food products
which appeal to local tastes including,  for example, WALKERS brand snack foods,
sold in the United Kingdom,  SMITH'S brand snack foods,  sold in Australia,  and
GAMESA brand cookies and ALEGRO brand sweet snacks, which are sold in Mexico. In
addition, LAY'S, CHEETOS, RUFFLES, DORITOS, FRITOS, TOSTITOS, and SUNCHIPS brand
salty snack  foods have been  introduced  to  international  markets.  Principal
international  markets  include  Australia,  Brazil,  Mexico,  the  Netherlands,
Poland, South Africa, Spain and the United Kingdom.

Competition

      All of our businesses are highly competitive.  Our soft drinks, juices and
snack  foods  compete  in the  United  States and  internationally  with  widely
distributed  products of a number of major companies that have plants in many of
the areas we serve, as well as with private label soft drinks,  juices and snack
foods and with the products of local and regional manufacturers.  The main areas
of our  competition  are price,  quality and variety of  products,  and customer
service.

Employees

      At  December  26,  1998,  we  employed,  subject to  seasonal  variations,
approximately   150,000  persons  (including   approximately   10,000  part-time
employees),   of  whom  approximately  83,000  (including   approximately  8,000
part-time  employees)  were employed  within the United States.  We believe that
relations with our employees are generally good.

Raw Materials and Other Supplies

      The  principal  materials  we use in our soft drink,  juice and snack food
businesses  are  corn  sweeteners,   sugar,  aspartame,   flavorings,   oranges,
grapefruit,  juice concentrates,  vegetable and essential oils, potatoes,  corn,
flour,  seasonings and packaging materials.  Since we rely on trucks to move and
distribute many of our products,  fuel is also an important commodity. We employ
specialists  to secure  adequate  supplies  of many of these  items and have not
experienced any significant  continuous shortages.  Prices we pay for such items
are subject to fluctuation. When prices increase, we may or may not pass on such
increases to our customers.  When we have decided to pass along price  increases
in the past we have done so successfully,  however there is no assurance that we
will be able to do so in the future.

Governmental Regulation

      The conduct of our businesses, and the production, distribution and use of
many of our products,  are subject to various  federal  laws,  such as the Food,
Drug and Cosmetic Act, the Occupational  Safety and Health Act and the Americans
with  Disabilities  Act. Our  businesses  are also  subject to state,  local and
foreign laws.

                                       5
<PAGE>

Patents, Trademarks, Licenses and Franchises

      We own numerous  valuable  trademarks which are essential to our worldwide
businesses,  including  PEPSI-COLA,  PEPSI,  DIET PEPSI,  PEPSI ONE,  PEPSI MAX,
MOUNTAIN DEW,  SLICE,  MUG, ALL SPORT,  AQUAFINA,  7UP and DIET 7UP (outside the
United States), MIRINDA,  TROPICANA PURE PREMIUM,  TROPICANA TWISTER,  TROPICANA
SEASON'S BEST, TROPICANA PURE TROPICS,  FRUVITA,  HITCHCOCK,  LOOZA,  FRITO-LAY,
LAY'S, DORITOS,  RUFFLES,  TOSTITOS,  FRITOS, CHEETOS,  CRACKER JACK, ROLD GOLD,
WOW!, SUNCHIPS, SANTITAS,  SMARTFOOD,  SABRITAS, WALKERS and SMITH'S. Trademarks
remain valid so long as they are used properly for identification  purposes, and
we  emphasize  correct  use of  our  trademarks.  We  have  authorized  (through
licensing or franchise  arrangements)  the use of many of our trademarks in such
contexts as Pepsi-Cola bottling  appointments and snack food joint ventures.  In
addition,  we license the use of our  trademarks on collateral  products for the
primary purpose of enhancing brand awareness.

      We either own or have  licenses to use a number of patents which relate to
some of our products and the  processes for their  production  and to the design
and operation of various equipment used in our businesses. Some of these patents
are licensed to others.

Environmental Matters

      We continue to make  expenditures in order to comply with federal,  state,
local and foreign  environmental  laws and regulations,  which expenditures have
not been  material  with  respect  to our  capital  expenditures,  net income or
competitive position.

Business Segments

Information related to:

o     Net sales
o     Operating profit
o     Total assets
o     Geographic net sales and long-lived assets
o     Capital spending
o     Equity Income/(Loss) from unconsolidated affiliates
o     Investments in unconsolidated affiliates
o     Amortization of intangible assets
o     Depreciation and other amortization expense
o     Significant other noncash items

for  each  reportable  segment  for  1998,  1997 and 1996 may be found in Item 8
"Financial  Statements and Supplementary  Data" in Note 16 on pages F-28 through
F-33.

                                       6
<PAGE>

Item 2.     Properties

The Pepsi-Cola Company

      PCC operates 110 plants  throughout the world,  of which 100 are owned and
10 are leased, and unconsolidated affiliates operate approximately 70 plants. In
addition,  PCC operates  approximately 600 warehouses or offices  worldwide,  of
which  approximately half are owned and half are leased. PCC leases office space
in Somers, New York.

Tropicana

      TPI owns 8 plants and 14 offices  worldwide,  including  its  headquarters
building  in  Bradenton,  Florida.  TPI also  leases  7 and owns 9  distribution
centers around the world.

The Frito-Lay Company

      Frito-Lay  operates 50 food  manufacturing  and  processing  plants in the
United States and Canada,  of which 44 are owned and 6 are leased.  In addition,
Frito-Lay owns 189 warehouses and distribution  centers and leases approximately
35  warehouses  and  distribution  centers for  storage of food  products in the
United States and Canada.  Approximately  1,840 smaller  warehouses  and storage
spaces  located  throughout  the  United  States and Canada are leased or owned.
Frito-Lay  owns its  headquarters  building  and a research  facility  in Plano,
Texas.  Frito-Lay  also  leases  offices  in  Dallas,  Texas and  leases or owns
sales/regional  offices  throughout the United States. Our snack food businesses
also  operate  approximately  75 plants  and  approximately  1,000  distribution
centers, warehouses and offices outside of the United States and Canada.

General

      The Company owns its  corporate  headquarters  buildings in Purchase,  New
York.

      With a few  exceptions,  leases of plants in the United  States and Canada
are on a long-term basis,  expiring at various times,  with options to renew for
additional periods. Most international plants are leased for varying and usually
shorter periods, with or without renewal options.

      We believe that our  properties  are in good  operating  condition and are
suitable for the purposes for which they are being used.

Item 3.      Legal Proceedings

      We are subject to various  claims and  contingencies  related to lawsuits,
taxes,  environmental  and other  matters  arising  out of the normal  course of
business. Management believes that the ultimate liability, if any, of the claims
and  contingencies  in excess of amounts already  provided for, is not likely to
have a material  adverse effect on our annual  results of operations,  financial
condition or liquidity.

                                       7
<PAGE>


Item 4.     Submission of Matters to a Vote of Stockholders

      Not applicable.

Executive Officers of the Registrant

      The  following  is a list of names and ages of all the  current  executive
officers of the Company:

Roger A. Enrico, 54, is Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of the
Company.  Mr. Enrico was elected as PepsiCo's Chief Executive  Officer in April,
1996 and as  Chairman  of the Board in  November,  1996,  after  serving as Vice
Chairman of the Company  since 1993.  Mr.  Enrico,  who joined  PepsiCo in 1971,
became  President  and  Chief  Executive  Officer  of  Pepsi-Cola  USA in  1983,
President and Chief Executive  Officer of PepsiCo  Worldwide  Beverages in 1986,
and Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Frito-Lay,  Inc. in 1991. Mr. Enrico
served as Chairman and Chief Executive  Officer of PepsiCo  Worldwide Foods from
1992 to 1994 and as Chairman  and Chief  Executive  Officer,  PepsiCo  Worldwide
Restaurants from 1994 to 1997.

Steven S  Reinemund,  50, is  Chairman  and  Chief  Executive  Officer  of The
Frito-Lay  Company.  Mr.  Reinemund  began his career  with  PepsiCo as senior
operating  officer of Pizza Hut, Inc. (a former  subsidiary of the Company) in
1984. He became  President and Chief  Executive  Officer of Pizza Hut in 1986,
and President and Chief  Executive  Officer of Pizza Hut Worldwide in 1991. In
1992,  Mr.  Reinemund   became  President  and  Chief  Executive   Officer  of
Frito-Lay, Inc. and assumed his current position in April, 1996.

Craig E. Weatherup, 53, is currently Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the
The Pepsi-Bottling Group, Inc., a position he has held since December,  1998. He
joined  Pepsi-Cola  as Marketing  Director for the Far East in 1974,  and became
President of Pepsi-Cola  Bottling  Group in 1986. He was appointed  President of
the  Pepsi-Cola  Company  in 1988,  President  and Chief  Executive  Officer  of
Pepsi-Cola North America in 1991, and served as PepsiCo's President in 1996.

Matthew M.  McKenna,  48, is Senior Vice  President  and Treasurer of PepsiCo.
Previously he was Senior Vice  President,  Taxes.  Mr.  McKenna joined PepsiCo
as Vice President, Taxes in 1993.

Indra K. Nooyi, 43, is Senior Vice President, Strategic Planning, a position she
has held since 1994.

Sean F. Orr, 44, is Senior Vice  President and  Controller of PepsiCo.  Prior to
assuming his current  position in 1997, Mr. Orr was Chief Financial  Officer for
Frito-Lay  North America.  He joined  PepsiCo in 1994 as Senior Vice  President,
Finance and Chief Financial Officer of Frito-Lay.

Robert F. Sharpe, Jr., 47, is Senior Vice President,  Public Affairs,  General
Counsel  and  Secretary.  He joined  PepsiCo in  January,  1998 as Senior Vice
President,   General  Counsel  and  Secretary.  Mr.  Sharpe  was  Senior  Vice
President and General  Counsel of RJR Nabisco  Holdings Corp.  from 1996 until
1998. He was previously Vice President,  Tyco  International Ltd. from 
 
                                      8
<PAGE>

1994 to 1996 and Vice President,  Assistant General Counsel and Secretary of RJR
Nabisco Holdings Corp. and RJR Nabisco, Inc. from 1989 to 1994.

Michael D. White,  47, is Senior Vice President and Chief  Financial  Officer of
PepsiCo.  Mr.  White,  who  assumed  his  present  position  in March  1998,  is
responsible  for treasury,  tax,  control,  audit,  information  technology  and
investor  relations  functions.  Prior to his  current  position,  he  served as
Executive Vice President and CFO of Pepsi-Cola  Company  worldwide.  He has also
served as Executive  Vice President and CFO of PepsiCo Foods  International  and
CFO of Frito-Lay North America. He joined Frito-Lay in 1990 as Vice President of
Planning.

      Executive  officers are elected by the Company's  Board of Directors,  and
their terms of office  continue  until the next  annual  meeting of the Board or
until  their  successors  are elected  and have  qualified.  There are no family
relationships among the Company's executive officers.

                                   PART II

Item 5.     Market for Registrant's Common Equity and Related Stockholder
            Matters

      Stock Trading Symbol - PEP

      Stock  Exchange  Listings - The New York Stock  Exchange is the  principal
market for our Capital Stock,  which is also listed on the  Amsterdam,  Chicago,
Swiss and Tokyo Stock Exchanges.

      Shareholders  - At December 26,  1998,  there were  approximately  230,000
shareholders of record.

      Dividend  Policy -  Quarterly  cash  dividends  are  usually  declared  in
November, January, May and July and paid at the beginning of January and the end
of March, June and September. The dividend record dates for 1999 are expected to
be March 12, June 11,  September 10 and December 10.  Quarterly  cash  dividends
have been paid since PepsiCo was formed in 1965.

      Cash Dividends Declared Per Share (in cents):

Quarter              1998             1997

1                    12.5             11.5
2                    13.0             12.5
3                    13.0             12.5
4                    13.0             12.5
                     ----             ----
Total                51.5             49.0

                                       9
<PAGE>



      Stock Prices - The high,  low and closing  prices for a share of PepsiCo
Capital  Stock  on the New York  Stock  Exchange,  as  reported  by  Bloomberg
Service,  for  each  fiscal  quarter  of 1998  and 1997  were as  follows  (in
dollars): (See Note)

1998                 High          Low            Close
First Quarter        43 9/16       34 7/8         43
Second Quarter       44 11/16      37 5/8         40 11/16
Third Quarter        43 5/8        27 11/16       30 5/16
Fourth Quarter       41 1/16       28 11/16       40 7/16

1997                 High          Low            Close
First Quarter        32 3/64       26 49/64        29 7/8
Second Quarter       35 27/32      28 23/32        35 27/32
Third Quarter        36 31/64      32 5/8          34 37/64
Fourth Quarter       40            34 1/4          34 11/16

Note:  Stock prices have been  adjusted to reflect the spin-off of  restaurant
operations on October 6, 1997.

Item 6. Selected Financial Data

Included on pages F-40 through F-44.

Item 7.  Management's  Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations,  Cash
Flows and Liquidity and Capital Resources

Management's Discussion and Analysis

All per share information is computed using average shares outstanding, assuming
dilution.

INTRODUCTION

Management's  Discussion  and  Analysis  is  presented  in  four  sections.  The
Introductory section discusses Pending Transactions/Events, Acquisitions, Market
Risk  (including  the EURO  conversion),  Year 2000,  Impairment and Other Items
Affecting  Comparability of Results and a New Accounting Standard (pages 11-16).
The second section  analyzes the Results of Operations,  first on a consolidated
basis and then for each of our business  segments  (pages 17-28).  The final two
sections address our Consolidated Cash Flows and Liquidity and Capital Resources
(pages 29 and 30).

Cautionary Statements

From  time to time,  in  written  reports  and in oral  statements,  we  discuss
expectations  regarding  our  future  performance,   Year  2000  risks,  pending
transactions/events, the impact of the Euro conversion and the impact of current
global macro-economic  issues. These  "forward-looking  statements" are based on
currently available competitive, financial and economic data and our

                                       10
<PAGE>


operating  plans.  They are inherently  uncertain,  and investors must recognize
that events could turn out to be significantly different from expectations.

Pending Transactions/Events

In November 1998, our Board of Directors approved a plan for the separation from
PepsiCo  of  certain  wholly-owned  bottling  businesses  located  in the United
States,  Canada,  Spain,  Greece and Russia,  referred to as The Pepsi  Bottling
Group.  Pursuant to this plan, PBG intends to sell shares of its common stock in
an initial  public  offering  and  PepsiCo  intends  to retain a  noncontrolling
ownership interest in PBG. A registration statement relating to the Offering has
been  filed on Form  S-1  with  the  Securities  and  Exchange  Commission.  The
transaction is expected to be consummated in the second quarter of 1999, subject
to market conditions and regulatory approval. If consummated, the transaction is
expected to result in a gain to PepsiCo,  net of related  costs.  These  related
costs will include a charge for the early  vesting of PepsiCo stock options held
by PBG  employees,  which will be based on the price of our stock at the date of
the Offering.  See Management's  Discussion and  Analysis-Liquidity  and Capital
Resources  on page 30  regarding  PBG  related  financing  and  expected  use of
proceeds.

In January  1999,  we  announced an agreement  with the Whitman  Corporation  to
realign bottling  territories.  Subject to approval by the Whitman  shareholders
and various regulatory  authorities,  we plan to combine certain of our bottling
operations  in the  mid-western  United  States and Central  Europe with most of
Whitman's  existing  bottling  businesses  to  create  new  Whitman.  Under  the
agreement, our current equity interest of 20% in General Bottlers, the principal
operating company of Whitman,  will also be transferred to new Whitman.  Whitman
transferred its existing  bottling  operations in Marion,  Virginia;  Princeton,
West Virginia; and St. Petersburg,  Russia to PBG. It is planned for new Whitman
to assume certain  indebtedness  associated with our transferred U.S. operations
with net proceeds to us of $300 million. Upon completion of the transaction,  we
will  receive  54  million  shares of new  Whitman  common  stock.  Whitman  has
undertaken a share repurchase program and it is anticipated that upon completion
of the  transaction and the repurchase  program,  our  noncontrolling  ownership
interest will be approximately 40%. If approved, this transaction is expected to
be completed in the second quarter of 1999 and result in a net gain to PepsiCo.

The  Frito-Lay  program  to  improve  productivity,  discussed  in  Management's
Discussion and  Analysis-Impairment  and Other Items Affecting  Comparability of
Results beginning on page 15, also includes consolidating U.S. production in our
most modern and efficient plants and streamlining  logistics and  transportation
systems.  This program is expected to result in additional  asset impairment and
restructuring  charges of approximately  $65 million to be recorded in the first
quarter of 1999.

Acquisitions

At the end of the third quarter 1998, we completed the acquisitions of Tropicana
Products,  Inc.  from the Seagram  Company Ltd. for $3.3 billion in cash and The
Smith's Snackfoods Company (TSSC) in Australia from United Biscuits Holdings plc
for  $270  million  in  cash.  In  addition,  acquisitions  and  investments  in
unconsolidated  affiliates  included the  purchases of the  remaining  ownership
interest in various  bottlers and purchases of other  international  salty snack
food businesses.  Acquisitions for the year aggregated $4.5 billion in cash. The
results of operations

                                       11
<PAGE>


of  all  acquisitions  are  generally  included  in the  consolidated  financial
statements from their respective dates of acquisition.

Market Risk

The principal  market risks (i.e., the risk of loss arising from adverse changes
in market rates and prices) to which we are exposed are: o interest rates on our
debt and short-term  investment  portfolios,  o foreign exchange rates and other
international  market risks, and o commodity  prices,  affecting the cost of our
raw materials.

Interest Rates
- --------------

PepsiCo  centrally  manages  its  debt  and  investment   portfolios   balancing
investment  opportunities  and risks,  tax  consequences  and overall  financing
strategies.

We use interest rate and currency swaps to effectively  modify the interest rate
and  currency of specific  debt  issuances  with the  objective  of reducing our
overall  borrowing costs.  These swaps are generally  entered into  concurrently
with the  issuance of the debt that they are  intended to modify.  The  notional
amount,  interest  payment and maturity  dates of the swaps match the principal,
interest payment and maturity dates of the related debt. Accordingly, any market
risk or opportunity  associated with these swaps is fully offset by the opposite
market impact on the related debt.

Our investment  portfolios consist of cash equivalents and short-term marketable
securities.  The  carrying  amounts  approximate  market  value  because  of the
short-term  maturity  of these  portfolios.  It is our  practice  to hold  these
investments to maturity.

Assuming  year-end 1998 variable rate debt and  investment  levels,  a one-point
change in interest rates would impact net interest expense by $64 million.  This
sensitivity analysis does not take into account existing interest rate swaps and
the  possibility  that  rates  on debt  and  investments  can  move in  opposite
directions  and that gains from one  category may or may not be offset by losses
from another category.

Foreign Exchange and Other International Market Risks
- -----------------------------------------------------

Operating in international  markets  involves  exposure to movements in currency
exchange  rates.  Currency  exchange rate movements  typically  affect  economic
growth, inflation, interest rates, governmental actions and other factors. These
changes,  if  material,  can  cause us to adjust  our  financing  and  operating
strategies.  The  discussion of changes in currency  below does not  incorporate
these other important economic factors. The sensitivity analysis presented below
does not take into  account  the  possibility  that  rates can move in  opposite
directions  and that gains from one  category may or may not be offset by losses
from another category.

International operations constitute about 15% of our 1998 consolidated operating
profit, excluding unusual impairment and other items. As currency exchange rates
change,  translation of the income  statements of our  international  businesses
into U.S. dollars affects year-over-year  comparability of operating results. We
do not generally hedge translation risks because cash

                                       12
<PAGE>


flows from international  operations are generally reinvested locally. We do not
enter into hedges to minimize  volatility of reported earnings because we do not
believe it is justified by the exposure or the cost.

Changes  in  currency  exchange  rates that  would  have the  largest  impact on
translating our international operating profit include the Mexican peso, British
pound,  Canadian  dollar and  Brazilian  real.  We estimate that a 10% change in
foreign  exchange rates would impact reported  operating profit by approximately
$45 million. This was estimated using 10% of the international segment operating
profit after  adjusting for unusual  impairment and other items. We believe that
this quantitative  measure has inherent limitations because, as discussed in the
first paragraph of this section,  it does not take into account any governmental
actions or changes in either customer  purchasing  patterns or our financing and
operating strategies.

Foreign  exchange  gains and  losses  reflect  transaction  gains and losses and
translation gains and losses arising from the remeasurement into U.S. dollars of
the  net  monetary  assets  of  businesses  in  highly  inflationary  countries.
Transaction  gains  and  losses  arise  from  monetary  assets  and  liabilities
denominated  in currencies  other than a business  unit's  functional  currency.
There were net foreign  exchange  losses of $53 million in 1998,  $16 million in
1997 and $1 million in 1996.

During the year,  macro-economic conditions in Brazil, Mexico, Russia and across
Asia Pacific have adversely  impacted our results (see Russia discussion below).
We are taking actions in these markets to respond to these  conditions,  such as
prudent pricing aimed at sustaining volume,  renegotiating  terms with suppliers
and securing local currency  supply  alternatives.  However,  we expect that the
macro-economic  conditions,  particularly in Brazil,  will continue to adversely
impact our results in the near term.

The economic turmoil in Russia which  accompanied the August 1998 devaluation of
the ruble had an adverse impact on our  operations.  Consequently  in our fourth
quarter,  we  experienced a significant  drop in demand,  resulting in lower net
sales and increased  operating losses.  Also, since net bottling sales in Russia
are  denominated in rubles,  whereas a substantial  portion of our related costs
and expenses are denominated in U.S.  dollars,  bottling  operating margins were
further  eroded.  In  response  to these  conditions,  we have  reduced our cost
structure  primarily  through closing  facilities,  renegotiating  manufacturing
contracts  and  reducing  the  number  of  employees.  We also  wrote  down  our
long-lived  bottling  assets to give  effect to the  resulting  impairment.  See
Management's  Discussion  and  Analysis-Impairment  and  Other  Items  Affecting
Comparability of Results beginning on page 15.

On January 1, 1999,  eleven of fifteen  member  countries of the European  Union
fixed conversion rates between their existing currencies  ("legacy  currencies")
and one common  currency-the EURO. The euro trades on currency exchanges and may
be used in business  transactions.  Conversion to the euro  eliminated  currency
exchange rate risk between the member countries.  Beginning in January 2002, new
EURO-denominated  bills and coins will be issued,  and legacy currencies will be
withdrawn  from  circulation.  Our operating  subsidiaries  affected by the euro
conversion  have  established  plans to address  the  issues  raised by the euro
currency  conversion.  These issues  include,  among  others,  the need to adapt
computer and  financial  systems,  business  processes  and  equipment,  such as
vending machines, to accommodate EURO-denominated transactions and the impact of
one common currency on pricing. Since financial systems and

                                       13
<PAGE>


processes  currently  accommodate  multiple  currencies,  the plans  contemplate
conversion by the middle of 2001 if not already  addressed in  conjunction  with
Year 2000  remediation.  We do not expect the  system and  equipment  conversion
costs to be  material.  Due to  numerous  uncertainties,  we  cannot  reasonably
estimate the long-term  effects one common currency will have on pricing and the
resulting impact, if any, on financial condition or results of operations.

Commodities
- -----------

We are subject to market risk with respect to commodities because our ability to
recover increased costs through higher pricing may be limited by the competitive
environment in which we operate.  We use futures  contracts to hedge  immaterial
amounts of our commodity purchases.

Year 2000

Each of PepsiCo's  business segments and corporate  headquarters has established
teams  to  identify  and  address  Year  2000  compliance  issues.   Information
technology  systems  with  non-compliant  code are  expected  to be  modified or
replaced with systems that are Year 2000  compliant.  Similar  actions are being
taken  with  respect  to  non-IT   systems,   primarily   systems   embedded  in
manufacturing   and  other   facilities.   The  teams  are  also   charged  with
investigating  the Year 2000  readiness of  suppliers,  customers,  franchisees,
financial  institutions and other third parties and with developing  contingency
plans where necessary.

Key  information  technology  systems  have been  inventoried  and  assessed for
compliance,  and  detailed  plans  have been  established  for  required  system
modifications or replacements. Remediation and testing activities are in process
with work on approximately  70% of the systems already completed and the systems
back in operation.  This percentage is expected to increase to approximately 85%
and 98% by the end of the  first  and  second  quarters  of 1999,  respectively.
PepsiCo  systems are  expected to be  compliant  by the fourth  quarter of 1999.
Inventories   and   assessments  of  non-IT  systems  have  been  completed  and
remediation  activities  are under way with a mid-year  1999  target  completion
date.

Independent  consultants  have  monitored  progress of  remediation  programs at
selected businesses and performed testing at certain key locations. In addition,
other experts  performed  independent  verification  and validation  audits of a
sample of  remediated  systems  with  satisfactory  results.  Other  independent
consultants  also  performed a  high-level  review of our Year 2000  efforts and
concluded that there were no significant  deficiencies in our process,  provided
that  resources  are  maintained  at their  current level and schedules are met.
Progress is also monitored by senior  management,  and periodically  reported to
PepsiCo's Board of Directors.

We have identified critical suppliers,  customers,  financial institutions,  and
other third parties and have surveyed their Year 2000 remediation  programs.  We
have  completed  on-site  meetings with many of the third parties  identified as
presenting  the  greatest  impact  if  not  compliant.   Risk   assessments  and
contingency plans, where necessary,  will be finalized in the first half of 1999
and tested where  feasible in the second half of 1999. In addition,  independent
consultants have completed a survey of the state of readiness of our significant
bottling  franchisees.  Such  surveys  have  identified  readiness  issues  and,
therefore,  potential  risk to us. As a  result,  the  franchisees'  remediation
programs are being accelerated to minimize the risk. We are also providing

                                       14
<PAGE>


assistance to the  franchisees  with  processes  and with certain  manufacturing
equipment compliance data.

Incremental  costs directly related to Year 2000 issues are estimated to be $141
million  from 1998 to 2000,  of which $64 million or 45% has been spent to date.
Approximately  35% of the total estimated  spending  represents  costs to repair
systems  while  approximately  50%  represents  costs  to  replace  and  rewrite
software.  This estimate  assumes that we will not incur  significant  Year 2000
related  costs on behalf of our  suppliers,  customers,  franchisees,  financial
institutions  or  other  third  parties.  Costs  incurred  prior  to  1998  were
immaterial.  Excluded from the estimated incremental costs are approximately $55
million of internal recurring costs related to our Year 2000 efforts.

Contingency  plans for Year 2000 related  interruptions  are being developed and
will include,  but not be limited to, the  development  of emergency  backup and
recovery  procedures,  the staffing of a centralized team to react to unforeseen
events,  remediation  of existing  systems  parallel  with  installation  of new
systems, replacing electronic applications with manual processes, identification
of alternate  suppliers and increasing raw material and finished goods inventory
levels.  The  potential  failure  of a power  grid or  public  telecommunication
system,  particularly  internationally,  will be considered  in our  contingency
planning.  All plans  are  expected  to be  completed  by the end of the  second
quarter in 1999.

Our most likely worst case  scenarios  are the  temporary  inability of bottling
franchisees  to  manufacture  or bottle some products in certain  locations,  of
suppliers to provide raw  materials  on a timely basis and of some  customers to
order and pay on a timely basis.

Our  Year  2000  efforts  are  ongoing  and  our  overall  plan,  including  our
contingency plans, will continue to evolve as new information becomes available.
While we anticipate no major interruption of our business activities,  that will
be dependent in part upon the ability of third  parties,  particularly  bottling
franchisees, to be Year 2000 compliant. Although we have implemented the actions
described  above to address third party  issues,  we are not able to require the
compliance actions by such parties. Accordingly, while we believe our actions in
this regard should have the effect of mitigating  Year 2000 risks, we are unable
to eliminate  them or to estimate the ultimate  effect Year 2000 risks will have
on our operating results.

Impairment and Other Items Affecting Comparability of Results

Asset Impairment and Restructuring Charges
- ------------------------------------------

Asset  impairment  and  restructuring  charges were $288 million  ($261  million
after-tax or $0.17 per share) in 1998,  $290 million ($239 million  after-tax or
$0.15 per share) in 1997 and $576 million ($527  million  after-tax or $0.33 per
share) in 1996.

The 1998  asset  impairment  and  restructuring  charges of $288  million  are
comprised of the following:

o    A fourth  quarter  charge  of $218  million  for asset  impairment  of $200
     million and restructuring charges of $18 million resulting from the adverse
     impact of market conditions of our Russian bottling operations described in
     Management's Discussion and Analysis-Market Risks beginning on page 12. The
     impairment  evaluation  was  triggered by the reduction in  utilization  of
     assets caused by the lower demand, the adverse change in the

                                       15
<PAGE>


     business climate and the expected continuation of operating losses and cash
     deficits in that market.  The impairment  charge reduced the net book value
     of the assets to their  estimated  fair market  value,  based  primarily on
     values recently paid for similar assets in that  marketplace.  Of the total
     $218 million charge,  $212 million relates to bottling operations that will
     be part of PBG.
o    An impairment charge of $54 million relating to manufacturing  equipment at
     Frito-Lay  North  America.  In the  fourth  quarter,  as part of our annual
     assessment  of  marketing  plans  and  related  capacity   requirements  at
     Frito-Lay  North  America  and the  development  of a  program  to  improve
     manufacturing  productivity,  we determined that certain  product  specific
     equipment  would not be utilized  and  certain  capital  projects  would be
     terminated to avoid production redundancies.  The charge primarily reflects
     the write off of the net book value of the equipment and related projects.

o    A fourth quarter charge of $16 million for employee related costs resulting
     from the separation of Pepsi-Cola North America's  concentrate and bottling
     organizations  to more  effectively  serve retail customers in light of the
     expected conversion of PBG to public ownership. Of this amount, $10 million
     relates to bottling operations that will be part of PBG.

Most of the 1998  restructuring  related  amounts  have  been or will be paid in
1999.

In 1997 and 1996, asset impairment and restructuring charges of $290 million and
$576 million reflected strategic decisions to realign the international bottling
system, improve Frito-Lay  International operating productivity and exit certain
businesses.  In 1997,  restructuring  charges  included  proceeds of $87 million
associated with a settlement related to a previous Venezuelan bottler agreement,
partially offset by related costs.

Income Tax Benefit
- ------------------
In 1998 we reported a tax benefit,  included in the  provision for income taxes,
of $494  million (or $0.32 per share) as a result of reaching a final  agreement
with the Internal Revenue Service to settle  substantially all remaining aspects
of a tax case relating to our concentrate operations in Puerto Rico.

New Accounting Standard

In June 1998,  the  Financial  Accounting  Standards  Board issued  Statement of
Financial  Accounting  Standards No. 133, Accounting for Derivative  Instruments
and Hedging  Activities.  SFAS 133 is  effective  for our fiscal year  beginning
2000.  This  statement  establishes   accounting  and  reporting  standards  for
derivative  instruments,  including certain derivative  instruments  embedded in
other contracts,  and for hedging activities.  It requires that we recognize all
derivative  instruments as either assets or liabilities in the balance sheet and
measure those instruments at fair value. We are currently  assessing the effects
of  adopting  SFAS  133,  and have not yet made a  determination  of the  impact
adoption will have on our consolidated financial statements.

                                       16
<PAGE>


RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

Consolidated Review

General
- -------

In the discussions below, the year-over-year dollar change in bottler case sales
by company-owned  bottling  operations and concentrate unit sales to franchisees
for  Pepsi-Cola,  and in pound  or kilo  sales of salty  and  sweet  snacks  for
Frito-Lay  is referred to as volume.  Price  changes over the prior year and the
impact of  product,  package and  country  sales mix changes are  referred to as
effective net pricing.

Net Sales

                                                            % Change B/(W)
                                                            --------------
($ in millions)             1998        1997         1996     1998    1997
                            ----        ----         ----     ----    ----
Net sales                $22,348     $20,917      $20,337        7       3

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Net sales rose $1.4 billion or 7% in 1998.  Excluding  foreign  currency impact,
net sales  would have  risen 8%.  This  increase  reflects  volume  gains in all
businesses,   net  contributions  from   acquisitions/divestitures   and  higher
effective net pricing driven by a shift to  higher-priced  products in Frito-Lay
North  America.  Volume gains  contributed  4 percentage  points of growth.  Net
acquisitions/divestitures  contributed  3 percentage  points to the sales growth
and primarily  reflect the  acquisitions of Tropicana and certain North American
bottlers  partially  offset  by the  absence  of  bottling  sales as a result of
refranchising   a   Japanese   bottler   late  in   1997.   In   addition,   net
acquisitions/divestitures  also include the  addition of TSSC and certain  other
international  salty snack food  businesses  which were partially  offset by the
loss of net sales from previously  consolidated  businesses contributed to a new
Frito-Lay  International  joint  venture in Central  and South  America.  Weaker
foreign currencies primarily in Canada,  Thailand,  Brazil, Poland and India led
the unfavorable foreign currency impact.

Net sales rose $580 million or 3% in 1997.  Excluding  foreign  currency impact,
net sales would have risen 4%. This increase  reflects volume gains in Frito-Lay
Worldwide and Pepsi-Cola North America and higher effective net pricing.  Weaker
foreign  currencies  primarily  in Spain,  Japan,  Germany  and  Hungary led the
unfavorable foreign currency impact.

                                       17
<PAGE>

Operating Profit and Margin
                                                                          
                                                           Change B/(W)
                                                          ------------
 ($ in millions)           1998        1997      1996     1998    1997
                           ----        ----      ----     ----    ----
Reported
  Operating Profit       $2,584      $2,662    $2,040     (3.0)%    30%
  Operating Profit       
      Margin               11.6%       12.7%     10.0%    (1.1)     2.7
Ongoing
  Operating Profit       $2,872      $2,952    $2,616     (3.0)%     13%
  Operating Profit         
     Margin                12.9%       14.1%     12.9%    (1.2)     1.2

Ongoing excludes the effect in all years of impairment and other items affecting
comparability (see Note 3).

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------

In 1998,  reported  operating profit margin  decreased over 1 percentage  point.
Ongoing  operating  profit  margin  declined over 1 percentage  point  primarily
reflecting the margin impact of increased  advertising  and marketing  (A&M) and
selling and  distribution  (S&D)  expenses  and higher  cost of sales  partially
offset by the impact of volume growth.  A&M grew at a significantly  faster rate
than sales led by increases at Pepsi-Cola Worldwide which included the Pepsi One
launch costs and increases at Frito-Lay North America for promotional allowances
and "WOW!" launch costs.  S&D expenses grew at a slightly faster rate than sales
primarily in Pepsi-Cola North America and in Frito-Lay North America, reflecting
an increase in our sales forces and higher  depreciation,  maintenance and labor
costs  associated  with Pepsi-Cola  North America cooler and vendor  placements.
Cost of sales as a percentage of sales  increased due to costs  associated  with
new plants and lines  related to "WOW!" and  Doritos 3-D  products at  Frito-Lay
North America and an unfavorable shift from higher-margin  concentrate  business
to packaged  products in Pepsi-Cola  North America.  Excluding  foreign exchange
losses,  ongoing  operating  profit  would have  declined 1%.  Foreign  exchange
losses,  primarily  in  Russia  and  Asia,  are  reported  as part of  Corporate
unallocated   expenses.   Information   technology   expense   increased   on  a
year-over-year   basis,   despite  $42  million  of  software  costs  that  were
capitalized  as  required  by  SOP  98-1,  driven  by our  various  productivity
initiatives and Year 2000 remediation efforts.

Reported operating profit margin increased over 2 1/2 percentage points in 1997.
Ongoing  operating  profit margin  increased over 1 percentage  point due to the
margin impact of volume growth in all businesses, equity income from investments
in unconsolidated affiliates compared to losses in 1996 and lower cost of sales.
The impact of these advances were  partially  offset by the impact of higher S&D
and G&A. The change in equity income primarily reflects the absence of losses in
1997 from our Latin American bottler,  Buenos Aires  Embotelladora S.A. (BAESA).
Cost of sales as a percentage  of sales  decreased due to favorable raw material
costs in Pepsi-Cola  International  and the favorable  effect of higher  pricing
partially  offset by  increased  costs for new plant  capacity  and the  planned
introduction of new products in 1998 by Frito-Lay North America.  The higher S&D
was driven by increased  distribution  costs to meet demand. The increase in G&A
is  due to  information  systems-related  expenses,  customer  focus  leadership
training and  infrastructure  costs related to our new fountain  beverage  sales
team. These increased G&A expenses were partially offset by savings from a prior
year  restructuring and the consolidation of certain  administrative  functions.
Ongoing  operating  profit  margin was also reduced by the absence of 1996 gains
from the sale of an investment in a U. S. bottling

  
                                     18
<PAGE>

cooperative,  a settlement with a Pepsi-Cola North America supplier and the sale
of a non-core business at Frito-Lay North America.

Interest Expense, net
                                                       % Change B/(W)
                                                       --------------
($ in millions)           1998    1997     1996         1998    1997
                          ----    ----     ----         ----    ----

Interest expense         $(395)  $(478)  $(565)           17      15
Interest income             74     125      91           (41)     37
                            --     ---      --           ---      --
Interest expense, net    $(321)   $(353)  $(474)           9      26
                         =====    =====   =====         ====    ====


- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Interest  expense,  net of interest  income,  declined $32 million in 1998.  The
decline in interest expense was primarily due to lower average U.S. debt levels,
as a result of using cash flows  received  from  discontinued  operations in the
latter half of 1997 to repay debt.  The lower U.S.  debt levels were  maintained
until the end of the third  quarter  when the debt  level  increased  to finance
several  acquisitions  (see  Management's  Discussion and  Analysis-Acquisitions
beginning  on page 11).  This  decline was  partially  offset by higher  average
interest  rates on the  remaining  debt.  Interest  income  declined $51 million
reflecting  lower  U.S.  and  international  investment  levels  as a result  of
utilizing   investment  balances  to  make  acquisitions  and  repay  debt.  See
Management's  Discussion and Analysis-Liquidity and Capital Resources on page 30
for disclosure related to 1999 debt offerings.

In 1997  interest  expense,  net of  interest  income,  declined  $121  million.
Interest  expense declined $87 million  primarily  reflecting lower average U.S.
debt  levels.  Debt  levels  were  reduced  by using a portion of the cash flows
provided by  discontinued  operations  and from  proceeds  repatriated  from our
investments  in Puerto Rico.  The  repatriation  of funds  resulted  from a 1996
change in tax law which  eliminated  a tax  exemption  on  investment  income in
Puerto Rico.  Interest income increased $34 million reflecting higher investment
levels,  which also  benefited  from the cash  flows  provided  by  discontinued
operations.


Provision for Income Taxes

 ($ in millions)                   1998           1997           1996
                                   ----           ----           ----

Reported
  Provision for income taxes      $ 270          $ 818           $ 624
  Effective tax rate               11.9%          35.4%           39.8%

Ongoing
  Provision for income taxes      $ 791          $ 869           $ 673
  Effective tax rate               31.0%          33.4%           31.4%

Ongoing excludes the effect in all years of impairment and other items affecting
comparability (see Note 3).

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                       19
<PAGE>


In 1998,  the reported  effective  tax rate  decreased  23.5  percentage  points
primarily as a result of a tax benefit of $494 million (or $0.32 per share). The
tax benefit  reflects a final  agreement  with the Internal  Revenue  Service to
settle  substantially  all  remaining  aspects  of a tax  case  relating  to our
concentrate  operations in Puerto Rico. The ongoing  effective tax rate declined
2.4 percentage points attributable to favorable settlement of prior years' audit
issues,  including issues related to the  deductibility  of purchased  franchise
rights.

For 1997, the reported  effective tax rate  decreased 4.4  percentage  points to
35.4%. The ongoing  effective tax rate increased 2.0 percentage points to 33.4%,
primarily  reflecting the absence of cumulative  tax credits  recognized in 1996
that related to prior years and lower  benefits in 1997 from the  resolution  of
prior years' audit issues.

Income from Continuing Operations and Income Per Share

($ in millions except per share amounts)                % Change B/(W)
                                                        --------------

                      1998        1997        1996     1998      1997
                      ----        ----        ----     ----      ----
Income from con-
 tinuing operations
   Reported         $1,993      $1,491       $ 942       34        58
   Ongoing          $1,760      $1,730      $1,469        2        18

Income per share
 from continuing
  operations
   Reported          $1.31       $0.95       $0.59       38        62*
   Ongoing           $1.16       $1.10       $0.92        5        20

Ongoing excludes the effect in all years of impairment and other items affecting
comparability (see Note 3).
* Based on unrounded amounts.

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------

For 1998,  reported  income from  continuing  operations  increased $502 million
while  income  per  share  increased  $0.36.   Ongoing  income  from  continuing
operations and income per share  increased $30 million and $0.06,  respectively.
The ongoing  increases  are due to the lower  effective tax rate and the benefit
from a 3% reduction in average  shares  outstanding,  partially  offset by lower
operating profit.

For 1997,  reported  income from  continuing  operations  increased $549 million
while  income  per  share  increased  $0.36.   Ongoing  income  from  continuing
operations and income per share increased $261 million and $0.18,  respectively.
The ongoing  increases are due to the increase in operating profit and the lower
net interest  expense,  partially  offset by the higher  effective  tax rate. In
addition,  income per share also benefited from a 2% reduction in average shares
outstanding.
                                       20
<PAGE>

Net Income and Net Income Per Share

($ in millions except per share amounts)                         % Change B/(W)
                                                                 --------------
                           1998       1997         1996          1998     1997
                           ----       ----         ----          ----     ----

Net income               $1,993     $2,142       $1,149            (7)      86

Net income per share      $1.31      $1.36        $0.72            (4)      91*

Average shares outstanding
  used to calculate
  net income per share    1,519      1,570        1,606             3       2

* Based on unrounded amounts.

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------

For 1997 and 1996, Net Income and Income Per Share include the results of income
from discontinued operations,  which primarily reflects the operating results of
TRICON's core  restaurant  businesses  through October 6, 1997 and the operating
results and a gain on sale of the restaurant  distribution operation sold in the
second  quarter of 1997.  Discontinued  operations  also  include  the  expenses
associated  with the  spin-off  and  interest  expense  directly  related to the
restaurants segment.

                                       21
<PAGE>


BUSINESS SEGMENTS (a)

($ in millions)            1998          1997       1996       1995       1994
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
NET SALES
Pepsi-Cola
   North America (b)       $ 8,266      $ 7,899    $ 7,788    $ 7,485  $ 7,119
   International             2,385        2,642      2,799      2,982    2,535
                            ------       ------     ------     ------   ------
                            10,651       10,541     10,587     10,467    9,654
                            ------       ------     ------     ------    -----

Frito-Lay
   North America (b)         7,474        6,967      6,628      5,873    5,379
   International             3,501        3,409      3,122      2,727    2,951
                            ------       ------      -----      -----    -----
                            10,975       10,376      9,750      8,600    8,330
                            ------       ------      -----      -----    -----

Tropicana (c)                  722            -          -          -        -
                               ---       ------      -----      -----    -----

Combined Segments          $22,348      $20,917    $20,337    $19,067  $17,984
                           =======      =======    =======    =======  =======

OPERATING PROFIT (d)
Pepsi-Cola
   North America (b)        $1,211       $1,274     $1,428     $1,249   $1,115
   International              (219)        (144)      (846)       117      136
              -             ------       ------     ------     ------   ------
                               992        1,130        582      1,366    1,251
                            ------        -----      -----      -----    -----


Frito-Lay
   North America (b)         1,424        1,388      1,286      1,149    1,043
   International               367          318        346        301      354 
                             -----        -----      -----      -----    ----- 
                             1,791        1,706      1,632      1,450    1,397
                             -----        -----      -----      -----    -----
Tropicana (c)                   40            -          -          -        -
                             -----        -----      -----      -----    -----


Combined Segments           $2,823       $2,836     $2,214     $2,816   $2,648
                            ======       ======     ======     ======   ======


(a)  Certain reclassifications were made to 1997 through 1994 amounts to conform
     with the 1998 presentation and to maintain comparability.
(b)  North America is composed of operations in the U.S. and Canada.
(c)  Represents results since the acquisition date. See Management's  Discussion
     and Analysis-Acquisitions beginning on page 11.
(d)  Represents  reported  amounts.  See Note 16 -- Business  Segments for 1998,
     1997 and 1996 impairment and restructuring charges by segment. In addition,
     1995  segment  operating  profit  excludes  the $66 charge for the initial,
     noncash  impact of  adopting  SFAS 121 and 1994  includes  an $18 gain on a
     stock offering by BAESA in Pepsi-Cola International.

                                       22
<PAGE>

Business Segments
- -----------------

Pepsi-Cola
- ----------

See Management's Discussion and Analysis-Pending Transactions/Events on page 11.

The standard  volume measure is system  bottler case sales (BCS).  It represents
PepsiCo-owned  brands, as well as brands, that we have been granted the right to
produce, distribute and market nationally.

                            Pepsi-Cola North America

                                                          % Growth Rates
                                                          --------------
($ in millions)            1998       1997      1996       1998     1997
                           ----       ----      ----       ----     ----

Net Sales                $8,266     $7,899     $7,788         5        1

Operating Profit
 Reported                $1,211     $1,274     $1,428        (5)     (11)

 Ongoing                 $1,227     $1,326     $1,428        (7)      (7)


Ongoing  excludes  unusual  impairment and other items of $16 in 1998 and $52 in
1997 (see Note 3). Unless otherwise noted,  operating profit  comparisons within
the following discussions are based on ongoing operating profit.
==============================================================================



1998 vs. 1997
- -------------

Net sales increased $367 million or 5%. The increase reflects significant volume
growth and  contributions  from  acquisitions,  reduced by  unfavorable  foreign
exchange rates with Canada and lower effective net pricing.  The increased sales
volume was primarily in packaged products. Acquisitions contributed 1 percentage
point to the sales growth.

BCS  increased  6%, led by the strong  single-digit  growth of the  Mountain Dew
brand,  contributions  from  Pepsi One (our new  one-calorie  cola)  and  strong
double-digit  growth of Aquafina bottled water and Lipton Brisk. Brand Pepsi and
brand Diet Pepsi also  contributed  to this year's  growth,  both  advancing  at
single-digit  rates.  Concentrate  shipments to  franchisees  grew at a slightly
faster rate than their BCS growth.

Reported  operating  profit  decreased  $63 million.  Ongoing  operating  profit
declined  $99  million  primarily  due to planned  increases  in S&D and A&M and
higher G&A costs,  partially offset by volume growth. S&D grew faster than sales
and  volume,  due to an  increase  in our sales  force and higher  depreciation,
maintenance and labor costs  associated with cooler and vendor  placements.  A&M
expenses grew significantly  faster than sales and volume reflecting new product
launches,  such as Pepsi One, and planned  increases  for Project  Globe and Pop
Culture

                                       23
<PAGE>


promotions.  The G&A growth  includes  higher  spending on  information  systems
related to the Year 2000 and other projects and higher costs associated with the
continued building of our fountain business infrastructure.

1997 vs. 1996
- -------------

Net sales  increased $111 million  reflecting  volume  growth,  led by take-home
packaged  products,  reduced by lower  effective  net  pricing.  The decrease in
effective net pricing was primarily in take-home packaged  products,  reflecting
an intensely competitive environment.

BCS increased 4%, primarily  reflecting  double-digit growth by the Mountain Dew
brand.  Non-carbonated  soft drink products,  led by Aquafina  bottled water and
Lipton Brisk tea, grew at a  double-digit  rate.  Our  concentrate  shipments to
franchisees grew at a slower rate than their BCS growth during the year.

Reported  operating  profit  declined $154  million.  Ongoing  operating  profit
declined $102 million,  reflecting the lower  effective net pricing,  higher S&D
costs and increased A&M. S&D grew  significantly  faster than sales, but in line
with  volume.  A&M grew  significantly  faster than sales and volume,  primarily
reflecting above average levels of expenditures  late in 1997. These unfavorable
items were reduced by the volume gains and lower packaging and commodity  costs.
G&A savings from centralizing certain administrative functions were fully offset
by Year 2000 spending and  infrastructure  development  costs related to our new
fountain  business sales team. The decline in ongoing  operating  profit is also
due to the  absence of 1996 gains from the sale of an  investment  in a bottling
cooperative and a settlement made with a supplier.

                            Pepsi-Cola International

                                                          % Growth Rates
                                                          --------------
($ in millions)           1998       1997      1996       1998     1997
                          ----       ----      ----       ----     ----

Net Sales               $2,385     $2,642     $2,799       (10)      (6)

Operating Profit
 Reported                $(219)    $ (144)     $(846)      (52)      83

 Ongoing                 $  (1)      $ 10      $(270)       NM       NM

Ongoing  excludes  unusual  impairment and other items of $218 in 1998,  $154 in
1997 and $576 in 1996 (see Note 3). Unless  otherwise  noted,  operating  profit
comparisons  within the  following  discussions  are based on ongoing  operating
profit.

NM-Not Meaningful

==============================================================================

                                       24
<PAGE>

1998 vs. 1997
- -------------

Net sales declined $257 million or 10%.  Excluding foreign currency impact,  net
sales would have  declined 7%. This decline was  primarily due to the absence of
Japan  bottling sales in 1998 as a result of the  refranchising  of our Japanese
bottler late in 1997.  Volume gains  partially  offset the decline in net sales.
Weaker  foreign  currencies  primarily  in  Thailand,  India and Hungary led the
unfavorable foreign currency impact.

BCS  increased 6% reflecting  double-digit  growth in Mexico,  the  Philippines,
India, Pakistan and China. In addition,  BCS grew at a high double-digit rate in
Venezuela reflecting the continued momentum by the joint venture as it increased
its territories and capacity.  These advances were partially offset by lower BCS
in Japan  due to the  elimination  of  certain  PepsiCo-owned  brands by the new
bottler Suntory.  The PepsiCo-owned  brands that continued to be sold by Suntory
grew  at  a  double-digit  rate.  Total  concentrate  shipments  to  franchisees
increased at about the same rate as their BCS.

Reported  operating  results  declined $75 million.  Ongoing  operating  results
declined $11 million. The decline primarily reflects higher losses in Russia due
to our  increased  ownership  as  well as the  impact  of the  economic  crisis.
Excluding the impact of Russia, operating results would have increased driven by
volume gains  (reported by most of our Business  Units) and lower G&A  expenses,
due in part to savings from our 1996  restructuring.  These gains were partially
reduced by higher A&M,  increased equity losses from  unconsolidated  affiliates
and lower effective net pricing.

1997 vs. 1996
- -------------

Net sales declined $157 million or 6%. Excluding  foreign  currency impact,  net
sales would have increased 1% driven by volume gains.  The  unfavorable  foreign
currency impact was led by Spain and Japan.

BCS increased 1%. Strong double-digit growth in China, the Philippines and India
was reduced by double-digit declines in Brazil,  Venezuela and South Africa. The
decline in  Venezuela  reflects  the impact of the loss of our bottler in August
1996 while the decline in South Africa  results from the  cessation of our joint
venture  operation.  In November  1996,  we entered into a new joint  venture to
replace the  Venezuelan  bottler.  Total  concentrate  shipments to  franchisees
increased at about the same rate as their BCS.

Reported  operating  losses  declined $702 million.  Ongoing  operating  results
improved by $280  million,  reflecting a small profit in 1997 compared to a loss
in 1996.  The  improvement  in  ongoing  operating  results  was driven by lower
manufacturing  costs,  reduced net losses from our investments in unconsolidated
affiliates  and lower G&A expenses.  Operating  results also  benefited from the
absence of 1996's higher-than-normal  expenses from fourth quarter balance sheet
adjustments  and actions.  The lower  manufacturing  costs were primarily due to
favorable  raw  material  costs and lower  depreciation  resulting  from certain
businesses  held for  disposal.  The reduced net losses from our  unconsolidated
affiliates were primarily  driven by the absence of losses from BAESA. The lower
G&A expenses reflect savings from our fourth quarter 1996 restructuring of about
$70 million.

                                       25
<PAGE>

Frito-Lay
- ---------

The  standard  volume  measure  is  pounds  for  North  America  and  kilos  for
International.  Pound and kilo growth are reported on a systemwide  and constant
territory  basis,   which  includes   currently   consolidated   businesses  and
unconsolidated affiliates reported for at least one year.

                           Frito-Lay North America

                                                          % Growth Rates
                                                          --------------
($ in millions)            1998       1997      1996       1998     1997
                           ----       ----      ----       ----     ----

Net Sales                $7,474     $6,967     $6,628         7         5

Operating Profit
 Reported                $1,424     $1,388     $1,286         3         8

 Ongoing                 $1,478     $1,410     $1,286         5        10


Ongoing  excludes  unusual  impairment and other items of $54 in 1998 and $22 in
1997 (see Note 3). Unless otherwise noted,  operating profit  comparisons within
the following discussions are based on ongoing operating profit.

==============================================================================

1998 vs. 1997
- -------------

Net sales grew $507 million due to increased volume and a favorable mix shift to
higher-priced products.

Pound  volume  advanced  5% led by core brand  growth and "WOW!"  products.  The
growth in core brands,  excluding their low-fat and no-fat versions,  was led by
double-digit  growth in Lay's  brand  potato  chips and  double-digit  growth in
Doritos brand tortilla chips.  These gains were partially  offset by declines in
Ruffles brand potato chips,  "Baked" Lay's and "Baked"  Tostitos  brand products
and the elimination of Doritos Reduced Fat brand tortilla chips.

Reported  operating  profit  increased  $36 million.  Ongoing  operating  profit
increased $68 million  reflecting the higher volume and the favorable mix shift,
partially  offset by increased  operating costs. The increase in operating costs
was  led  by  increased  A&M,  higher  manufacturing  costs,   reflecting  costs
associated with new plants and lines related to "WOW!" and Doritos 3-D products,
and higher S&D expenses.  A&M grew at a significantly faster rate than sales and
volume due to increased promotional allowances and "WOW!" launch costs. S&D grew
at a slightly slower rate than sales but faster than volume.

                                       26
<PAGE>


1997 vs. 1996
- -------------

Net sales grew $339  million  reflecting  increased  volume  and the  benefit of
higher pricing taken on most major brands late in 1996.

Pound volume advanced 3%. Growth of our core brands, excluding their low-fat and
no-fat  versions,  was led by high  single-digit  growth in Lay's  brand  potato
chips,   strong  double-digit  growth  by  Tostitos  brand  tortilla  chips  and
single-digit growth by Doritos brand tortilla chips.  "Baked" Lay's brand potato
crisps reported low double-digit  growth.  However, the remainder of our low-fat
and no-fat snacks business depressed the overall growth rate.

Reported operating profit grew $102 million.  Ongoing operating profit rose $124
million,  reflecting the higher pricing and volume growth,  partially  offset by
increased  manufacturing  costs and G&A expenses.  The  increased  manufacturing
costs related to new plant capacity and the planned introduction of new products
in 1998. S&D grew slower than sales,  A&M was about even with prior year and G&A
increased significantly faster than sales reflecting information systems-related
expenses and customer focus  leadership  training.  Operating  profit growth was
hampered by the absence of a 1996 gain from the sale of a non-core business.

                           Frito-Lay International

                                                          % Growth Rates
                                                          --------------
($ in millions)            1998       1997      1996      1998      1997
                           ----       ----      ----      ----      ----

Net Sales                $3,501     $3,409     $3,122         3        9

Operating Profit
 Reported                 $ 367      $ 318      $ 346        15       (8)

 Ongoing                  $ 367      $ 380      $ 346        (3)      10
`

Ongoing excludes unusual impairment and other items of $62 in 1997 (see Note 3).
Unless  otherwise  noted,  operating  profit  comparisons  within the  following
discussions are based on ongoing operating profit.

==============================================================================

                                       27
<PAGE>



1998 vs. 1997
- -------------

Net sales  increased  $92 million or 3%. The increase in net sales was driven by
net  contributions  from  acquisitions/divestitures  and by higher  volume.  The
increase  was  partially  offset  by the  impact of  weaker  foreign  currencies
including  the  unfavorable  effect  in Mexico  of the  devaluation  of the peso
against the U.S.  dollar net of local pricing  actions.  Excluding  Mexico,  the
impact of weaker foreign  currencies,  primarily Brazil,  Poland,  Australia and
Thailand,   reduced   net   sales   growth   by   2   percentage   points.   Net
acquisitions/divestitures contributed 3 percentage points to the sales growth.

Salty snack kilos increased 6%, led by solid double-digit  growth at Sabritas in
Mexico  and the  Snack  Ventures  Europe  joint  venture,  partially  offset  by
double-digit  declines  in Brazil.  Sweet  snack  kilos  declined 2% driven by a
single-digit  decline at Gamesa in Mexico and a double-digit decline at Wedel in
Poland.   These  declines  in  sweet  snack  kilos  were  partially   offset  by
double-digit  growth at  Sabritas.  Including  acquisitions/divestitures,  salty
snack kilos increased to 14%. The increase of 8 percentage  points was primarily
driven by the  acquisitions  through  partnership  with, as well as, purchase of
salty snack food  businesses  in Central and South  America.  Sweet snack kilos,
including  the effect of  acquisitions/divestitures,  declined 8% primarily as a
result of the first quarter sale of a French biscuit business.

Reported  operating  profit  increased  $49 million.  Ongoing  operating  profit
declined $13 million.  Deterioration  of operating  performance in Brazil due to
the macro-economic conditions and market softness at Gamesa was partially offset
by growth at  Sabritas  and in Poland.  The  growth in Poland was  substantially
driven by the sweet  snack  business.  As part of a global  strategy to focus on
core businesses,  we previously announced that we had completed negotiations for
the sales in early 1999 of the chocolate and biscuit businesses in Poland.

1997 vs. 1996
- -------------

Net sales  increased  $287 million due to volume gains and higher  effective net
pricing.

Salty snack kilos rose 11%,  led by strong  double-digit  growth by Sabritas and
our  business in Brazil,  while  sweet  snack kilos  declined 5% due to a market
contraction at Gamesa.

Reported  operating  profit  decreased  $28 million.  Ongoing  operating  profit
increased  $34  million  or 10%.  Excluding  foreign  currency  impact,  ongoing
operating  profit  increased 8%. This increase was due to volume gains partially
offset by increased  G&A. The higher  effective  net pricing was fully offset by
inflation-driven  higher operating and manufacturing costs, primarily in Mexico.
Ongoing  operating  profit also  benefited  from the gain on the sale of a flour
mill.  The foreign  currency  impact  resulted  from the strength of the British
pound at Walkers.

Tropicana
- ---------

From the date of  acquisition in 1998, net sales were $722 million and operating
profit was $40  million.  The  operating  profit  reflects  the impact of fourth
quarter  increases  in the cost of oranges in advance of related  selling  price
increases.

                                       28
<PAGE>

CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOWS

1998 vs. 1997
- -------------

Our 1998 consolidated cash and cash equivalents  decreased $1.6 billion compared
to a $1.6 billion  increase in 1997.  Excluding  cash  provided by  discontinued
operations in 1997, the decrease in cash and cash  equivalents  was $1.6 billion
in 1998 compared with a $4.6 billion  decrease in 1997.  The change in cash flow
primarily  reflects net proceeds  from issuance of debt and the  liquidation  of
investment  portfolios  in 1998 compared to net debt  repayments in 1997.  These
cash  inflows  were  primarily  used to fund  acquisitions  and  investments  in
unconsolidated affiliates during the year.

The  acquisitions  and  investments  in  unconsolidated  affiliates  include the
purchases of Tropicana,  the remaining  ownership  interest in various bottlers,
TSSC and various other international salty snack food businesses.

1997 vs. 1996
- -------------

Our 1997 consolidated cash and cash equivalents  increased $1.6 billion over the
prior year  reflecting a significant  increase in cash provided by  discontinued
operations which was used to reduce debt, increase our investment portfolios and
repurchase shares.

The net cash flow provided by discontinued  operations increased $5.6 billion in
1997.  The  significant   increase   primarily  reflects  a  $4.5  billion  cash
distribution  received  from TRICON just prior to the  restaurant  spin-off.  In
addition,  the  increase  reflects  after-tax  cash  proceeds  of  $1.0  billion
associated with the sale of PFS and the non-core U.S. restaurant businesses, the
effects of refranchising restaurants and other operating activities.

Share Repurchases
- -----------------

Our share repurchase activity was as follows:

 (in millions)                     1998           1997           1996
                                   ----           ----           ----


Cost                             $2,230         $2,459         $1,651
Shares repurchased
  Number of shares                 59.2           69.0           54.2
  % of shares outstanding at
   beginning of year                3.9%           4.5%           3.4%

At December 26, 1998,  73.2 million  shares remain  available  under the current
repurchase authority granted by our Board of Directors.

                                       29
<PAGE>



LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

At the end of the third quarter,  we completed the acquisitions of Tropicana for
$3.3 billion in cash and TSSC for $270 million in cash. The purchase prices were
largely funded by the issuance of one year notes and commercial  paper resulting
in an increase in short-term borrowings at year-end 1998.

We increased  our revolving  credit  facilities by $2.0 billion to $4.75 billion
from $2.75  billion at year-end  1997.  These  unused  credit  facilities  exist
largely to support  issuances of short-term debt. The facilities are composed of
$3.1 billion  expiring  March 1999 and $1.65  billion  expiring  March 2003.  At
year-end  1998,  $1.65 billion of short-term  borrowings  were  reclassified  as
long-term,  reflecting  our intent and  ability,  through the  existence  of the
unused revolving credit  facilities,  to refinance these  borrowings.  Annually,
these  facilities can be extended an additional  year upon the mutual consent of
PepsiCo and the lending institutions.

As    discussed    in    Management's     Discussion    and     Analysis-Pending
Transactions/Events,  our Board of Directors  approved a plan for the separation
of PBG. As noted,  an initial  public  offering is expected to be consummated in
the  second  quarter  of  1999  subject  to  market  conditions  and  regulatory
approvals.  In  February  and  March of 1999,  PBG and its  principal  operating
subsidiary, Bottling LLC incurred $6.55 billion of indebtedness, a large portion
of which is intended  to be  temporary  and be repaid  with the  proceeds of the
Offering.  It is intended that the remainder will be carried as PBG's  long-term
indebtedness of which $2.3 billion is  unconditionally  guaranteed by PepsiCo. A
substantial  portion  of the debt  proceeds  obtained  by PBG was used to settle
pre-existing  intercompany  amounts due to us. We plan to use these proceeds for
general  corporate  purposes,  including  the  repayment  of a  portion  of  our
short-term borrowings.

As noted earlier in the discussion  regarding pending  transactions,  as part of
our agreement with Whitman to realign bottling territories, certain indebtedness
associated with our transferred U.S.  operations is planned to be assumed by new
Whitman with net proceeds to us of $300 million.

Capital spending is expected to decline in 1999 to approximately $1.2 billion as
we will no longer  directly fund the capital  spending  related to PBG after the
Offering.  The decline will be offset, in part, by continued investment in other
international  bottling operations and in Frito-Lay  International and full year
capital spending in Tropicana.

Our strong  cash-generating  capability  and financial  condition  give us ready
access to capital markets throughout the world.

                                       30
<PAGE>



Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.

     Included in Item 7, Management's Discussion and Analysis - Market Risk 
     beginning on page 12.

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
                                                                       
     See Index to Financial Information on page F-1.

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and
        Financial Disclosure
                                                                             
     Not applicable.

                                    PART III

Item 10.
Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant

      The name, age and background of each of the Company's  directors nominated
for election are  contained  under the caption  "Election of  Directors"  in the
Company's Proxy Statement for its 1999 Annual Meeting of Shareholders on pages 2
through 4 and are incorporated  herein by reference.  Pursuant to Item 401(b) of
Regulation S-K, the executive  officers of the Company are reported in Part I of
this report.

Item 11.    Executive Compensation

      Information  on  compensation  of the  Company's  directors  and executive
officers is  contained  in the  Company's  Proxy  Statement  for its 1999 Annual
Meeting  of  Shareholders  under  the  captions  "Directors   Compensation"  and
"Executive Compensation", respectively, and is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 12.    Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management

      Information on the number of shares of PepsiCo Capital Stock  beneficially
owned by each director and by all directors and officers as a group is contained
under the caption  "Ownership of Capital Stock by Directors and Officers" in the
Company's  Proxy  Statement for its 1999 Annual Meeting of  Shareholders  and is
incorporated  herein by reference.  As far as is known to the Company, no person
beneficially  owns more than 5% of the  outstanding  shares of  PepsiCo  Capital
Stock.

Item 13.    Certain Relationships and Related Transactions

      Not applicable.

                                       31

<PAGE>


                                   PART IV

Item 14.    Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedule and Reports on Form 8-K

      (a)   1.    Financial Statements

                        See Index to Financial Information on page F-1.

            2.    Financial Statement Schedule

                        See Index to Financial Information on page F-1.

            3.    Exhibits

                        See Index to Exhibits on page E-1.

      (b)   Reports on Form 8-K

                  None.

                                       32
<PAGE>


                                   SIGNATURES

      Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 of the Securities  Exchange Act
of 1934,  PepsiCo  has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

Dated:  March 23, 1999


                              PepsiCo, Inc.


                        By:   /s/ ROGER A ENRICO
                        ------------------------
                          Roger A. Enrico
                          Chairman of the Board and
                          Chief Executive Officer


      Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities  Exchange Act of 1934, this
report has been signed below by the  following  persons on behalf of PepsiCo and
in the capacities and on the date indicated.


SIGNATURE                          TITLE                    DATE
- ---------                          -----                    ----


/s/ ROGER A. ENRICO                Chairman of the Board    March 23, 1999
Roger A. Enrico                    and
                                   Chief Executive Officer

/s/ MICHAEL D. WHITE               Senior Vice President    March 23, 1999
Michael D. White                   and Chief Financial
                                   Officer

/s/ SEAN F. ORR                    Senior Vice President    March 23, 1999
Sean F. Orr                        and Controller
                                   (Principal Accounting
                                   Officer)

/s/ KARL M. VON DER HEYDEN         Vice Chairman of the     March 23, 1999
Karl M. von der Heyden             Board

/s/ JOHN F. AKERS                  Director                 March 23, 1999
John F. Akers

/s/ ROBERT E. ALLEN                Director                 March 23, 1999
Robert E. Allen

/s/ PETER FOY                      Director                 March 23, 1999
Peter Foy

/s/ RAY L. HUNT                    Director                 March 23, 1999
Ray L. Hunt

                                      S-1
<PAGE>



/s/ JOHN J. MURPHY                 Director                 March 23, 1999
John J. Murphy

/s/ STEVEN S REINEMUND             Chairman and Chief       March 23, 1999
Steven S Reinemund                 Executive Officer of
                                   The Frito-Lay Company
                                   and Director

/s/ SHARON PERCY ROCKEFELLER       Director                 March 23, 1999
Sharon Percy Rockefeller

/s/ FRANKLIN A. THOMAS             Director                 March 23, 1999
Franklin A. Thomas

/s/ P. ROY VAGELOS                 Director                 March 23, 1999
P. Roy Vagelos

/s/ CRAIG E. WEATHERUP             Chairman and Chief       March 23, 1999
Craig E. Weatherup                 Executive Officer of
                                   The Pepsi Bottling
                                   Group and Director

/s/ ARNOLD R. WEBER                Director                 March 23, 1999
Arnold R. Weber



                                      S-2
<PAGE>





                              INDEX TO EXHIBITS
                                ITEM 14(a)(3)
EXHIBIT

3.1         Restated  Articles  of  Incorporation  of  PepsiCo,  Inc.,  which is
            incorporated  herein by  reference  from  Exhibit  3(i) to PepsiCo's
            Quarterly  Report on Form 10-Q for the  quarterly  period ended June
            15, 1996.

3.2         By-Laws of PepsiCo,  Inc.,  as amended to July 25,  1996,  which are
            incorporated  herein by reference  from  Exhibit  3(ii) to PepsiCo's
            Quarterly  Report on Form 10-Q for the  quarterly  period ended June
            15, 1996.

4           PepsiCo,  Inc.  agrees to furnish  to the  Securities  and  Exchange
            Commission,  upon  request,  a copy of any  instrument  defining the
            rights of holders of long-term debt of PepsiCo,  Inc. and all of its
            subsidiaries  for which  consolidated  or  unconsolidated  financial
            statements are required to be filed with the Securities and Exchange
            Commission.

10.1        Description  of PepsiCo,  Inc. 1988 Director  Stock Plan,  which is
            incorporated  herein by  reference  from  Post-Effective  Amendment
            No.   2  to   PepsiCo's   Registration   Statement   on  Form   S-8
            (Registration No. 33-22970).

10.2        PepsiCo,  Inc. 1987 Incentive  Plan (the "1987 Plan"),  as amended 
            and restated, effective as of September 24, 1998.

10.3        Operating  Guideline No. 1 under the 1987 Plan,  as amended  through
            July 25, 1991, which is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10(d)
            to  PepsiCo's  Annual  Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
            December 28, 1991.

10.4        Operating  Guideline  No. 2 under the 1987  Plan and the  Plan,  as
            amended through January 22, 1987,  which is incorporated  herein by
            reference  from Exhibit 28(b) to PepsiCo's  Registration  Statement
            on Form S-8 (Registration No. 33-19539).

10.6        PepsiCo, Inc. 1994 Long-Term Incentive Plan,as amended and restated,
            effective as of September 24, 1998.

10.7        PepsiCo,  Inc.  Executive  Incentive  Compensation  Plan,  which  is
            incorporated  herein by reference from Exhibit B to PepsiCo's  Proxy
            Statement for its 1994 Annual Meeting of Shareholders.

10.8        Amended and Restated PepsiCo Executive Income Deferral Program which
            is incorporated  herein by reference from PepsiCo's Annual Report on
            Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 27, 1997.
                                      
                                      E-1

<PAGE>

10.9        Restated  PepsiCo Pension  Equalization  Plan, which is incorporated
            herein by reference  from  PepsiCo's  Annual Report on Form 10-K for
            the fiscal year ended December 27, 1997.

12          Computation of Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges.

21          Subsidiaries of PepsiCo, Inc.

23          Report and Consent of KPMG LLP.

24          Copy of Power of Attorney.

27          Financial Data Schedule.

                                      E-2
<PAGE>



















                   PepsiCo, Inc. and Subsidiaries



                       FINANCIAL INFORMATION



            FOR INCLUSION IN ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K



                FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 26, 1998


























<PAGE>

                   PEPSICO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                   INDEX TO FINANCIAL INFORMATION
                         Item 14(a)(1)-(2)



                                                         Page
                                                      Reference
Item 14(a)(1) Financial Statements

Consolidated Statement of Income for
  the fiscal years ended December 26, 1998,
  December 27, 1997 and December 28, 1996.........      F-2

Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for
  the fiscal years ended December 26, 1998,
  December 27, 1997 and December 28, 1996.........      F-3 - F-4

Consolidated Balance Sheet at December 26, 1998
  and December 27, 1997...........................      F-5

Consolidated Statement of Shareholders' Equity
  for the fiscal years ended December 26, 1998,
  December 27, 1997 and December 28, 1996.........      F-6 - F-7

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements........      F-8 - F-37

Management's Responsibility for Financial Statements    F-38

Report of Independent Auditors, KPMG LLP..........      F-39

Selected Financial Data...........................      F-40 - F-44


Item 14(a)(2) Financial Statement Schedule

     II  Valuation   and   Qualifying   Accounts  for  the  fiscal  years  ended
         December26, 1998, December 27, 1997 and December 28, 1996.... F-45

All  other  financial  statements  and  schedules  have been  omitted  since the
required information is not applicable.

                                       F-1

<PAGE>

Consolidated Statement of Income
(in millions except per share amounts)
PepsiCo, Inc. and Subsidiaries
Fiscal years ended December 26, 1998, December 27, 1997 and December 28, 1996

                                         1998        1997       1996
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net Sales........................      $22,348    $20,917    $20,337

Costs and Expenses, net
Cost of sales....................        9,330      8,525      8,452
Selling, general and
 administrative expenses.........        9,924      9,241      9,063
Amortization of intangible assets          222        199        206
Unusual impairment and other items         288        290        576
                                       -------    -------    -------
Operating Profit.................        2,584      2,662      2,040

Interest expense.................         (395)      (478)      (565)
Interest income..................           74        125         91
                                       -------    -------    -------

Income from Continuing Operations
  Before Income Taxes............        2,263      2,309      1,566

Provision for Income Taxes.......          270        818        624
                                       -------    -------    -------

Income from Continuing Operations        1,993      1,491        942

Income from Discontinued
  Operations, net of tax.........            -        651        207
                                       -------    -------    -------

Net Income.......................      $ 1,993    $ 2,142    $ 1,149
                                       =======    =======    =======

Income Per Share - Basic
Continuing Operations............      $  1.35    $  0.98    $  0.60
Discontinued Operations..........            -       0.42       0.13 
                                       -------    -------    --------
Net Income  .....................      $  1.35    $  1.40    $  0.73
                                       =======    =======    =======

Average shares outstanding.......        1,480      1,528      1,564

Income Per Share - Assuming Dilution
Continuing Operations............      $  1.31    $  0.95    $  0.59
Discontinued Operations..........            -       0.41       0.13
                                       -------    -------    -------
Net Income.......................      $  1.31    $  1.36    $  0.72
                                       =======    =======    =======

Average shares outstanding.......        1,519      1,570      1,606
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

                                       F-2


<PAGE>



Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows (page 1 of 2)

(in millions)
PepsiCo, Inc. and Subsidiaries
Fiscal years ended December 26, 1998, December 27, 1997 and December 28, 1996

                                            1998     1997      1996
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
Operating Activities
Income from continuing operations.....   $ 1,993  $ 1,491   $   942
Adjustments to reconcile income
 from continuing operations to net
 cash provided by operating
 activities
  Depreciation and amortization.......     1,234    1,106     1,073
  Noncash portion of 1998
   tax benefit........................      (259)       -         -
  Noncash portion of unusual impairment
   and other items....................       254      233       366
  Deferred income taxes...............       150       51       160
  Other noncash charges and
   credits, net.......................       237      342       505
  Changes in operating working capital,
   excluding effects of acquisitions
   and dispositions
   Accounts and notes receivable......      (104)     (53)      (67)
   Inventories........................        29       79       (97)
   Prepaid expenses and other current
   assets.............................       (12)     (56)       84
   Accounts payable and other
    current liabilities...............      (195)      84       297
   Income taxes payable...............      (116)     142       (71)
                                          ------   ------    ------
  Net change in operating
   working capital....................      (398)     196       146
                                          ------   ------    ------
Net Cash Provided by Operating
 Activities...........................     3,211    3,419     3,192
                                          ------   ------    ------

Investing Activities
Capital spending......................    (1,405)  (1,506)   (1,630)
Acquisitions and investments
 in unconsolidated affiliates.........    (4,537)    (119)      (75)
Sales of businesses...................        17      221        43
Sales of property, plant
 and equipment........................       134       80         9
Short-term investments, by original
 maturity
  More than three months-purchases....      (525)     (92)     (115)
  More than three months-maturities...       584      177       192
  Three months or less, net...........       839     (735)      736
Other, net............................      (126)     (96)     (214)
                                          ------   ------    ------
Net Cash Used for Investing
 Activities...........................    (5,019)  (2,070)   (1,054)
                                          ------   ------    ------
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
(Continued on following page)

                                       F-3

<PAGE>


Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows (page 2 of 2)

(in millions)
PepsiCo, Inc. and Subsidiaries
Fiscal years ended December 26, 1998, December 27, 1997 and December 28, 1996

                                       1998        1997      1996
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
Financing Activities
Proceeds from issuances of
 long-term debt.................        990           -     1,772
Payments of long-term debt......     (2,277)     (1,875)   (1,432)
Short-term borrowings, by original
 maturity
  More than three months-proceeds     2,713         146       740
  More than three months-payments      (417)       (177)   (1,873)
  Three months or less, net.....      1,753      (1,269)       89
Cash dividends paid.............       (757)       (736)     (675)
Share repurchases...............     (2,230)     (2,459)   (1,651)
Proceeds from exercises of
 stock options..................        415         403       323
Other, net......................          -           5        (9)
                                    -------     --------  -------
Net Cash Provided by (Used for)
 Financing Activities...........        190      (5,962)   (2,716)
                                    -------     -------   -------

Net Cash Provided by Discontinued
 Operations.....................          -       6,236       605
Effect of Exchange Rate Changes on
 Cash and Cash Equivalents......          1          (2)       (5)
                                    -------     -------   -------
Net (Decrease) Increase in Cash
 and Cash Equivalents...........     (1,617)      1,621        22
Cash and Cash Equivalents
 - Beginning of Year............      1,928         307       285
                                    -------     -------   -------
Cash and Cash Equivalents
 - End of Year..................    $   311     $ 1,928   $   307
                                    =======     =======   =======
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
Supplemental Cash Flow Information
Interest paid...................    $   367     $   462   $   538
Income taxes paid...............    $   521     $   696   $   611

Schedule of Noncash Investing and
  Financing Activities
Fair value of assets acquired...    $ 5,359     $   160   $    81
Cash paid and stock issued......     (4,537)       (134)      (76)
                                    -------     -------   -------
Liabilities assumed.............    $   822     $    26   $     5
                                    =======     =======   =======

- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

                                       F-4


<PAGE>


Consolidated Balance Sheet

(in millions)
PepsiCo, Inc. and Subsidiaries
December 26, 1998 and December 27, 1997

                                                1998        1997
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
ASSETS

Current Assets
Cash and cash equivalents................    $   311     $ 1,928
Short-term investments, at cost..........         83         955
                                             -------     -------
                                                 394       2,883
Accounts and notes receivable, less allowance:
 $127 in 1998 and $125 in 1997...........      2,453       2,150
Inventories..............................      1,016         732
Prepaid expenses, deferred income taxes
 and other current assets................        499         486
                                             -------     -------
    Total Current Assets.................      4,362       6,251

Property, Plant and Equipment, net.......      7,318       6,261
Intangible Assets, net...................      8,996       5,855
Investments in Unconsolidated Affiliates.      1,396       1,201
Other Assets.............................        588         533
                                             -------     -------
     Total Assets........................    $22,660     $20,101
                                             =======     =======

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY

Current Liabilities
Short-term borrowings....................    $ 3,921     $     -
Accounts payable and other current
 liabilities ............................      3,870       3,617
Income taxes payable.....................        123         640
                                             -------     -------
    Total Current Liabilities............      7,914       4,257

Long-Term Debt...........................      4,028       4,946
Other Liabilities........................      2,314       2,265
Deferred Income Taxes....................      2,003       1,697

Shareholders' Equity
Capital stock, par value 1 2/3(cent) per share:
 authorized 3,600 shares, issued 1,726 shares     29          29
Capital in excess of par value...........      1,166       1,314
Retained earnings........................     12,800      11,567
Accumulated other comprehensive loss.....     (1,059)       (988)
                                             --------    -------
                                              12,936      11,922
Less:  Treasury stock, at cost:
 255 shares and 224 shares in 1998 and
  1997, respectively.....................     (6,535)     (4,986)
                                             -------     -------
    Total Shareholders' Equity...........      6,401       6,936
                                             -------     -------
     Total Liabilities and
      Shareholders' Equity...............    $22,660     $20,101
                                             =======     =======
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------
See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

                                       F-5
<PAGE>



Consolidated Statement of Shareholders' Equity (page 1 of 2)

(in millions)
PepsiCo, Inc. and Subsidiaries
Fiscal years ended December 26, 1998, December 27, 1997 and December 28, 1996

                                           Capital Stock             
                                      Issued           Treasury     
                                 Shares   Amount  Shares     Amount

Shareholders' Equity,
 December 30, 1995..............  1,726     $29     (150)   $(1,683)
                                  ---------------------------------
  1996 Net income...............      -       -        -          -
  Currency translation adjustment     -       -        -          -
    Comprehensive income........
  Cash dividends declared.......      -       -        -          -
  Share repurchases.............      -       -      (54)    (1,651)
  Stock option exercises, including
  tax benefits of $145..........      -       -       23        310
  Other.........................      -       -        -          1
                                 ----------------------------------
Shareholders' Equity,
 December 28, 1996..............  1,726     $29     (181)   $(3,023)
                                 ----------------------------------
  1997 Net income...............      -       -        -          -
  Currency translation adjustment     -       -        -          -
    Comprehensive income........
  Cash dividends declared.......      -       -        -          -
  Share repurchases.............      -       -      (69)    (2,459)
  Stock option exercises, including
  tax benefits of $173..........      -       -       25        488
  Spin-off of restaurant businesses   -       -        -          -
  Other.........................      -       -        1          8
                                 ----------------------------------
Shareholders' Equity,
 December 27, 1997..............  1,726     $29     (224)   $(4,986)
                                 -----------------------------------
  1998 Net income...............      -       -        -          -
  Currency translation adjustment     -       -        -          -
  Reclassification adjustment...      -       -        -          -
    Total currency translation
     adjustment.................
  Minimum pension liability
     adjustment, net of tax 
     benefits of $11............      -       -        -          -
    Comprehensive income........
  Cash dividends declared.......      -       -        -          -
  Share repurchases.............      -       -      (59)    (2,230)
  Stock option exercises, including
  tax benefits of $109..........      -       -       28        675
  Other.........................      -       -        -          6
                                 ----------------------------------
Shareholders' Equity,
  December 26, 1998.............  1,726     $29     (255)   $(6,535)
                                 ================================== 


(Continued on following page)

                                       F-6
<PAGE>

Consolidated Statement of Shareholders' Equity (page 2 of 2)

(in millions)
PepsiCo, Inc. and Subsidiaries
Fiscal years ended December 26, 1998, December 27, 1997 and December 28, 1996

                                Capital             Accumulated
                                  in                  Other
                               Excess of  Retained  Comprehensive
                               Par Value  Earnings  (Loss)/Income  Total
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------     
Shareholders' Equity,
 December 30, 1995.............. $1,045   $ 8,730   $  (808)     $ 7,313
                                 ---------------------------------------
  1996 Net income...............      -     1,149         -        1,149
  Currency translation adjustment     -         -        40           40
                                                                 -------
    Comprehensive income........                                   1,189
  Cash dividends declared.......      -     (695)         -         (695)
  Share repurchases.............      -        -          -       (1,651)
  Stock option exercises, including
    tax benefits of $145........    158        -          -          468
  Other.........................     (2)       -          -           (1)
                                 ---------------------------------------
Shareholders' Equity,
 December 28, 1996.............. $1,201  $ 9,184    $  (768)     $ 6,623
                                 ---------------------------------------
  1997 Net income...............      -    2,142          -        2,142
  Currency translation adjustment     -        -       (220)        (220)
                                                                 -------
    Comprehensive income........                                   1,922
  Cash dividends declared.......      -     (746)         -         (746)
  Share repurchases.............      -        -          -       (2,459)
  Stock option exercises, including
   tax benefits of $173.........     88        -          -          576
  Spin-off of restaurant businesses   -      987          -          987
  Other.........................     25        -          -           33
                                 ---------------------------------------
Shareholders' Equity,
 December 27, 1997.............. $1,314  $11,567    $  (988)     $ 6,936
                                 ---------------------------------------
  1998 Net income...............      -    1,993          -        1,993
  Currency translation adjustment     -        -        (75)         (75)
  Reclassification adjustment...      -        -         24           24
                                                    -------            
    Total currency translation
     adjustment.................                     (1,039)
  Minimum pension liability.....
     adjustment (net of tax 
     benefits of $11)...........      -       -         (20)         (20)
                                                                  ------
  Comprehensive income..........                                   1,922
  Cash dividends declared.......      -     (760)         -         (760)
  Share repurchases.............      -        -          -       (2,230)
  Stock option exercises, including
    tax benefits of $109........   (151)       -          -          524
  Other.........................      3        -          -            9
                                 ---------------------------------------
Shareholders' Equity,
 December 26, 1998.............. $1,166  $12,800    $(1,059)     $ 6,401
                                 =======================================
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------ 
See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

                                       F-7

<PAGE>


Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

(tabular  dollars  in  millions  except per share  amounts;  all per
share amounts assume dilution)

Note 1 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

The  preparation of the  consolidated  financial  statements in conformity  with
generally accepted  accounting  principles requires management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect reported amounts of assets,  liabilities,  revenues,
expenses and  disclosure of contingent  assets and  liabilities.  Actual results
could differ from these estimates.

Certain reclassifications were made to 1997 and 1996 amounts to conform with the
1998 presentation.

Principles of Consolidation
- ---------------------------

The financial statements include the consolidated  accounts of PepsiCo, Inc. and
its controlled  affiliates.  Intercompany  balances and  transactions  have been
eliminated.  Investments in  Unconsolidated  Affiliates,  over which we exercise
significant  influence but not control,  are accounted for by the equity method.
Our  share  of the net  income  or loss of  such  unconsolidated  affiliates  is
included in selling, general and administrative expenses.

Revenue Recognition
- -------------------

We recognize  revenue  when  products are  delivered to  customers.  Sales terms
generally do not allow a right to return.

Marketing Costs
- ---------------

Marketing costs are reported in selling, general and administrative expenses and
include  costs  of  advertising  and  other  marketing  activities.  Advertising
expenses  were  $1.9  billion  in 1998 and $1.8  billion  in both 1997 and 1996.
Deferred advertising expense, classified as prepaid expenses in the Consolidated
Balance  Sheet,  was $34  million  in 1998 and $53  million  in  1997.  Deferred
advertising costs are expensed in the year first used and consist of:
o media and personal service prepayments,  o promotional materials in inventory,
and o production costs of future media advertising.

Stock-Based Compensation
- ------------------------

We measure  stock-based  compensation  cost as the  excess of the quoted  market
price of PepsiCo  capital  stock at the grant date over the amount the  employee
must pay for the stock (exercise price).  Our policy is to generally grant stock
options with an exercise price equal to the stock price at the date of grant and
accordingly, no compensation cost is recognized.

                                       F-8

<PAGE>

Derivative Instruments
- ----------------------
The  interest  differential  to be paid or received on an interest  rate swap is
recognized as an adjustment to interest expense as the differential  occurs. The
interest  differential  not yet settled in cash is reflected in the Consolidated
Balance Sheet as a receivable or payable under the appropriate  current asset or
liability caption. If an interest rate swap position were to be terminated,  the
gain or loss  realized  upon  termination  would be deferred  and  amortized  to
interest  expense over the remaining term of the underlying  debt  instrument it
was intended to modify.  However,  if the underlying  debt instrument were to be
settled prior to maturity,  the gain or loss realized upon termination  would be
recognized immediately.

The  differential  to be paid or received on a currency swap related to non-U.S.
dollar  denominated  debt is charged or credited  to income as the  differential
occurs.  This is fully offset by the  corresponding  gain or loss  recognized in
income on the currency  translation  of the debt, as both amounts are based upon
the same exchange rates.  The currency  differential  not yet settled in cash is
reflected in the  Consolidated  Balance Sheet under the  appropriate  current or
noncurrent receivable or payable caption. If a currency swap position were to be
terminated prior to maturity,  the gain or loss realized upon termination  would
be immediately recognized in income.

Gains and losses on futures  contracts  designated as hedges of future commodity
purchases  are deferred and  included in the cost of the hedged  commodity  when
purchased.  Changes  in the  value of such  contracts  used to  hedge  commodity
purchases  are highly  correlated  to the changes in the value of the  purchased
commodity.  If the degree of correlation  between the futures  contracts and the
purchased  commodity were to  significantly  diminish  during the contract term,
subsequent  changes in the value of the futures contracts would be recognized in
income.  If a futures contract were to be terminated,  the gain or loss realized
upon  termination  would be  included in the cost of the hedged  commodity  when
purchased.

Cash Equivalents
- ----------------

Cash equivalents represent funds temporarily invested,  with maturities of three
months or less.  All other  investment  portfolios  are primarily  classified as
short-term investments.

Inventories
- -----------

Inventories are valued at the lower of cost (computed on the average,  first-in,
first-out or last-in, first-out method) or net realizable value.

Property, Plant and Equipment
- -----------------------------

Property,  plant and equipment are stated at cost. Depreciation is calculated on
a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the assets.

Intangible Assets
- -----------------

Intangible  assets are  amortized  on a  straight-line  basis  over  appropriate
periods, generally ranging from 20 to 40 years.

                                       F-9


<PAGE>

Recoverability  of  Long-Lived  Assets  to be Held  and Used in the Business
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------

All long-lived assets are evaluated for impairment whenever events or changes in
circumstances  indicate  that  the  carrying  amount  of an  asset  may  not  be
recoverable.  An impaired  asset is written  down to its  estimated  fair market
value based on the best  information  available.  Estimated fair market value is
generally  measured by  discounting  estimated  future cash flows.  Considerable
management judgment is necessary to estimate discounted future cash flows.

Accounting and Reporting Changes
- --------------------------------

As of December 28, 1997, we adopted  Statement of Position 98-1,  Accounting for
the Costs of Computer Software Developed or Obtained for Internal Use, issued by
The American  Institute of Certified  Public  Accountants in March 1998. The SOP
requires  capitalization of certain costs related to computer software developed
or  obtained  for  internal  use which we had  previously  expensed  in selling,
general and  administrative  expenses.  The amount  capitalized under the SOP in
1998 was $42 million.

As of December 28, 1997, we adopted Statement of Financial  Accounting Standards
No. 130, Reporting  Comprehensive Income, issued in June 1997. SFAS 130 requires
the  reporting  and display of  comprehensive  income,  which is composed of net
income and other  comprehensive  income or loss items,  in a full set of general
purpose  financial  statements.  Other  comprehensive  income or loss  items are
revenues,  expenses,  gains and losses that under generally accepted  accounting
principles  are excluded from net income and reflected as a component of equity,
such as currency translation and minimum pension liability adjustments.

In June 1998,  the  Financial  Accounting  Standards  Board issued  Statement of
Financial  Accounting  Standards No. 133, Accounting for Derivative  Instruments
and Hedging  Activities.  SFAS 133 is  effective  for our fiscal year  beginning
2000.  This  statement  establishes   accounting  and  reporting  standards  for
derivative  instruments,  including certain derivative  instruments  embedded in
other contracts,  and for hedging activities.  It requires that we recognize all
derivative  instruments  as either  assets or  liabilities  in the  Consolidated
Balance  Sheet and measure  those  instruments  at fair value.  We are currently
assessing   the  effects  of  adopting  SFAS  133,  and  have  not  yet  made  a
determination  of the impact  adoption will have on our  consolidated  financial
statements.

Note 2 - Acquisitions and Investments in Unconsolidated Affiliates

At the end of the third  quarter  in 1998,  we  completed  the  acquisitions  of
Tropicana Products,  Inc. from The Seagram Company Ltd. for $3.3 billion in cash
and The Smith's  Snackfoods  Company  (TSSC) in Australia  from United  Biscuits
Holdings plc for $270 million in cash. In addition, acquisitions and investments
in  unconsolidated  affiliates  included  the  remaining  ownership  interest in
various bottlers and purchases of various other  international  salty snack food
businesses.  Acquisitions  for the year  aggregated  $4.5  billion in cash.  The
results  of  operations  of  all  acquisitions  are  generally  included  in the
consolidated  financial  statements from their  respective dates of acquisition.
The  acquisitions  were accounted for under the purchase method and the purchase
prices were  largely  funded by the  issuance  of one year notes and  commercial
paper. The

                                      F-10

<PAGE>

purchase  prices have been  allocated  based on the estimated  fair value of the
assets  acquired and  liabilities  assumed.  The excess purchase prices over the
fair  value  of the net  assets  acquired  of  approximately  $3.2  billion  was
allocated to goodwill and are amortized on a straight-line basis over 40 years.

The following table presents the unaudited pro forma combined results of PepsiCo
and Tropicana as if the  acquisition had occurred at the beginning of our fiscal
years 1998 and 1997. The aggregate impact of other acquisitions in these periods
was not  material to our net sales,  income or income per share from  continuing
operations.


                                                      Unaudited
                                                -------------------
                                                   1998        1997
                                                   ----        ----

Net Sales                                       $23,674     $22,851

Income from Continuing Operations               $ 1,939     $ 1,427
Income Per Share from Continuing Operations     $  1.28       $0.91


These pro forma  amounts  reflect the  inclusion of the results of Tropicana for
1997 and the first three quarters of 1998 prior to the acquisition  date as well
as the results that are already included in the historical  financial statements
from the date of  acquisition.  In addition,  the pro forma amounts  include the
amortization  of the goodwill  arising from the allocation of the purchase price
and interest  expense on the debt issued to finance the purchase.  The pro forma
information  does not necessarily  present what the combined  results would have
been for these periods and is not intended to be indicative of future results.

                                      F-11



<PAGE>

Note 3 -  Impairment  and Other  Items  Affecting  Comparability  of
Income From Continuing Operations

Asset Impairment and Restructuring
- ----------------------------------

                                 1998     1997     1996
- ------------------------------------------------------------

Asset impairment charges

Held and used in the business
 Property, plant and equipment. $ 149    $   5    $   8
 Intangible assets.............    37        -        2
 Investments in unconsolidated
   affiliates..................     -        -      190
 Other assets..................    14        -      106

Held for disposal/abandonment
 Property, plant and equipment.    54      111        -
 Investments in unconsolidated
   affiliates..................     -       21       20
 Net assets of business units..     -       63       47
                                -----    -----    -----
Total asset impairment.........   254      200      373

Restructuring charges

Employee related costs.........    24       55      107
Other charges..................    10       35       96
                                -----    -----    -----
Total unusual impairment and
 other items................... $ 288    $ 290    $ 576
                                =====    =====    =====
  After-tax.................... $ 261    $ 239    $ 527
                                =====    =====    =====
  Per share.................... $0.17    $0.15    $0.33
                                =====    =====    =====
Impairment by segment
                                 1998     1997     1996    
- -----------------------------------------------------------

Pepsi-Cola North America.......  $ -      $ 52     $  -
Pepsi-Cola International.......   200      110      373
Frito-Lay North America.........   54        8        -
Frito-Lay International........     -       30        -
                                 ----     ----     ----
                                 $254     $200     $373
                                 ====     ====     ====

The  1998  asset  impairment  and  restructuring  charges  of $288  million  are
comprised of the following:

o    A fourth  quarter  charge  of $218  million  for asset  impairment  of $200
     million and  restructuring  charges of $18  million  related to our Russian
     bottling  operations.  The economic turmoil in Russia which accompanied the
     August  1998  devaluation  of  the  ruble  had  an  adverse  impact  on our
     operations.   Consequently,   in  our  fourth   quarter  we  experienced  a
     significant  drop in  demand,  resulting  in lower net sales and  increased
     operating losses.  Also, since net bottling sales in Russia are denominated
     in rubles,  whereas a substantial portion of our related costs and expenses
     are denominated in U.S.  dollars,  bottling  operating margins were further
     eroded. In response to these conditions, we have reduced our cost structure
     primarily through closing facilities,
                                      F-12



<PAGE>

     renegotiating manufacturing contracts and reducing the number of employees.
     We also evaluated our long-lived bottling assets for impairment,  triggered
     by the reduction in utilization  of assets caused by the lower demand,  the
     adverse  change in the business  climate and the expected  continuation  of
     operating  losses and cash deficits in that market.  The impairment  charge
     reduced  the net book value of the assets to their  estimated  fair  market
     value,  based primarily on amounts recently paid for similar assets in that
     marketplace.  Of the total charge of $218 million,  $212 million relates to
     bottling  operations  that will be part of The Pepsi Bottling  Group,  Inc.
     (see Note 18).

o    An impairment  charge of $54 million related to manufacturing  equipment at
     Frito-Lay  North  America.  In the  fourth  quarter,  as part of our annual
     assessment  of  marketing  plans  and  related  capacity   requirements  at
     Frito-Lay  North  America  and the  development  of a  program  to  improve
     manufacturing  productivity,  we determined that certain  product  specific
     equipment  would not be utilized  and  certain  capital  projects  would be
     terminated to avoid production redundancies.  The charge primarily reflects
     the write off of the net book value of the equipment and related  projects.
     Disposal or abandonment of these assets will be substantially  completed in
     the first quarter of 1999.  See Note 18 for a discussion of future  charges
     related to this program.

o    A fourth quarter charge of $16 million for employee related costs resulting
     from the separation of Pepsi-Cola North America's  concentrate and bottling
     organizations  to more  effectively  serve retail customers in light of the
     expected  conversion  of PBG to public  ownership  (see  Note 18).  Of this
     amount,  $10 million  relates to bottling  operations  that will be part of
     PBG.

The employee related costs for 1998 of $24 million  primarily  include severance
and relocation  costs for  approximately  2,700 employees  located in the Russia
bottling   operations   and  at  Pepsi-Cola   North  America  field   locations.
Terminations of employees,  which were communicated during the fourth quarter of
1998, have either occurred or will generally occur in the first half of 1999.
Most amounts have been paid or will be paid in 1999.

In 1997 and 1996, asset impairment and restructuring charges reflected strategic
decisions  to realign  the  international  bottling  system,  improve  Frito-Lay
International operating productivity and exit certain businesses. The impairment
of assets to be held and used  reflected  reductions  in  forecasted  cash flows
attributable  to increased  competitive  activity  and  weakened  macro-economic
factors in various geographic regions. The restructuring  charges were primarily
employee  related  severance  which  was  substantially  paid in 1997.  The 1997
restructuring  charges  included  proceeds  of  $87  million  associated  with a
settlement related to a previous Venezuelan bottler agreement,  partially offset
by related costs.

At year-end 1998, the remaining 1997 and 1996 restructuring  charges included in
accounts payable and other current  liabilities  primarily relate to liabilities
associated with investments in unconsolidated affiliates for which settlement is
expected in 1999.
                                      F-13


<PAGE>

Income Tax Benefit
- ------------------

In 1998 we reported a tax benefit,  included in the  provision for income taxes,
of $494  million (or $0.32 per share) as a result of reaching a final  agreement
with the Internal Revenue Service to settle  substantially all remaining aspects
of a tax case relating to our concentrate operations in Puerto Rico.

Note 4 - Discontinued Operations

The restaurants segment was composed of the core restaurant  businesses of Pizza
Hut, Taco Bell and Kentucky  Fried Chicken,  PepsiCo Food Systems,  a restaurant
distribution  operation,  and several non-core U.S.  restaurant  businesses.  In
1997,  we  spun  off  the  restaurant  businesses  to  our  shareholders  as  an
independent publicly traded company  (Distribution).  The spin-off was effective
as a tax-free  Distribution on October 6, 1997  (Distribution  Date).  Owners of
PepsiCo  capital  stock as of  September  19, 1997  received one share of common
stock of TRICON Global Restaurants,  Inc., the new company, for every ten shares
of PepsiCo capital stock.  Immediately before the Distribution Date, we received
$4.5  billion in cash from  TRICON as  repayment  of certain  amounts  due and a
dividend.  PFS and the non-core U.S. restaurant  businesses were sold before the
Distribution  Date  resulting in after-tax cash proceeds of  approximately  $1.0
billion.

Income from discontinued operations:
                                   1997       1996
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net sales..................     $ 8,375   $ 11,441
Costs and expenses.........      (7,704)   (10,935)
PFS gain...................         500          -
Interest expense, net......         (20)       (25)
Provision for income taxes.        (500)      (274)
                                -------   --------
Income from discontinued
 operations................     $   651   $    207
                                =======   ========

The above amounts include costs directly associated with the spin-off but do not
include an allocation of our interest or general and administrative expenses.

Note 5 - Income Per Share

We present two income per share measures,  basic and assuming  dilution,  on the
face of the  Consolidated  Statement of Income.  "Basic" income per share equals
net income  divided by weighted  average  common shares  outstanding  during the
period.  Income per share "assuming  dilution"  equals net income divided by the
sum of weighted average common shares  outstanding during the period plus common
stock equivalents, such as stock options.

                                      F-14



<PAGE>

The  following  reconciles  shares  outstanding  at the beginning of the year to
average shares outstanding:

                                     1998     1997     1996          
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Shares outstanding at beginning
  of year........................   1,502    1,545    1,576
Weighted average shares issued
  during the year for exercise of
  stock options..................      18       14       13
Weighted average shares
  repurchased....................     (40)     (31)     (25)
                                    -----    -----    -----
Average shares outstanding -
  basic........................     1,480    1,528    1,564
Effect of dilutive securities
  Dilutive shares contingently
  issuable upon the exercise of
  stock options..................     144      151      169
  Shares assumed to have been
  purchased for treasury with
  assumed proceeds from the
  exercise of stock options......    (105)    (109)    (127)
                                    -----    -----    -----
Average shares outstanding -
  assuming dilution..............   1,519    1,570    1,606
                                    =====    =====    =====

Note 6 - Inventories

                                     1998     1997
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Raw materials and supplies.......  $  506     $398
Work-in-process..................      70        2
Finished goods...................     440      332
                                   ------     ----
                                   $1,016     $732
                                   ======     ====

The cost of 36% of 1998  inventories  and 43% of 1997  inventories was computed
using the last-in, first-out method.


Note 7 - Property, Plant and Equipment, net

                                    1998      1997
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Land.............................$   460   $   365
Buildings and improvements.......  3,114     2,623
Machinery and equipment..........  8,806     7,513
Construction in progress.........    730       793
                                 -------   -------
                                  13,110    11,294
Accumulated depreciation......... (5,792)   (5,033)
                                 -------   -------
                                 $ 7,318   $ 6,261
                                 =======   =======

Note 8 - Intangible Assets, net

                                                1998          1997
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Goodwill.................................    $ 5,131       $ 2,298
Reacquired franchise rights..............      3,118         2,860
Trademarks and other identifiable
 intangibles.............................        747           697
                                             -------       -------
                                             $ 8,996       $ 5,855
                                             =======       =======

                                      F-15


<PAGE>

Identifiable   intangible  assets  possess  economic  value  but  lack  physical
substance.  These assets  primarily arise from the allocation of purchase prices
of businesses  acquired.  Amounts assigned to such identifiable  intangibles are
based on independent  appraisals or internal estimates.  Goodwill represents the
residual  purchase price after  allocation to all  identifiable  net assets (see
Note 2).

The above amounts are presented net of accumulated  amortization of $1.9 billion
at year-end 1998 and $1.7 billion at year-end 1997.

Note 9 - Accounts Payable and Other Current Liabilities

                                                1998          1997
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Accounts payable.........................    $ 1,180       $ 1,047
Accrued compensation and benefits........        676           640
Accrued selling and marketing............        596           485
Other current liabilities................      1,418         1,445 
                                             -------       --------
                                             $ 3,870       $ 3,617
                                             =======       =======

Note 10 - Short-Term Borrowings and Long-Term Debt

                                                1998          1997
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Short-Term Borrowings
Commercial paper (5.3%)..................    $ 1,901       $     -
Current maturities of long-term debt.....      1,075         1,819
Notes (5.2% and 5.7%)....................      2,076            80
Other borrowings (7.4% and 7.4%).........        519           222
Amount reclassified to long-term debt....     (1,650)       (2,121)
                                             -------       -------
                                             $ 3,921       $     -
                                             =======       =======

Long-Term Debt
Short-term borrowings, reclassified......    $ 1,650       $ 2,121
Notes due 1999-2013 (5.8% and 6.4%)......      1,693         3,063
Various foreign currency debt,
 due 1999-2001 (5.3% and 5.2%) ..........        956           809
Zero coupon notes, $1.0 billion
 due 1999-2012 (10.1% and 10.5%) ........        504           480
Other, due 1999-2014 (6.8% and 7.2%).....        300           292
                                             -------       -------
                                               5,103         6,765
Less current maturities of long-term debt     (1,075)       (1,819)
                                             -------       -------
                                             $ 4,028       $ 4,946
                                             =======       =======

The interest rates in the above table include the effects of associated interest
rate and  currency  swaps at  year-end  1998 and 1997.  Also,  see Note 11 for a
discussion of our use of interest rate and currency swaps, our management of the
inherent  credit risk and fair value  information  related to debt and  interest
rate and currency swaps.

                                      F-16


<PAGE>

Interest Rate Swaps
- -------------------

The following table indicates the notional amount and weighted  average interest
rates,  by category,  of interest  rate swaps  outstanding  at year-end 1998 and
1997.  The  weighted  average  variable  interest  rates that we pay,  which are
primarily  linked to either  commercial paper or LIBOR rates, are based on rates
as of the respective  balance sheet date and are subject to change. The terms of
the  interest  rate  swaps  match the terms of the debt they  modify.  The swaps
terminate at various dates through 2013.

                                           1998         1997   
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Receive fixed-pay variable
     Notional amount...................  $1,855       $2,584
     Weighted average receive rate.....     6.1%         6.8%
     Weighted average pay rate.........     5.3%         5.8%

Receive variable-pay variable
     Notional amount...................  $    -       $  250
     Weighted average receive rate.....       -          5.7%
     Weighted average pay rate.........       -          5.8%

Receive variable-pay fixed
     Notional amount...................  $    -       $  215
     Weighted average receive rate.....       -          5.9%
     Weighted average pay rate.........       -          8.2%

At  year-end  1998,  approximately  83% of total debt was  exposed  to  variable
interest rates,  compared to 77% in 1997. In addition to variable rate long-term
debt, all debt with  maturities of less than one year is categorized as variable
for purposes of this measure.

Currency Swaps
- --------------

We enter into currency swaps to hedge our currency  exposure on certain non-U.S.
dollar  denominated debt. At year-end 1998, the aggregate carrying amount of the
debt was  $678  million  and the net  receivables  and  payables  under  related
currency swaps were $1 million and $70 million, respectively, resulting in a net
effective U.S. dollar liability of $747 million with a weighted average interest
rate of 5.3%,  including the effects of related interest rate swaps. At year-end
1997,  the  carrying  amount of this debt  aggregated  $629  million and the net
payables under related currency swaps  aggregated $104 million,  resulting in an
effective U.S. dollar liability of $733 million with a weighted average interest
rate of 5.8%, including the effects of related interest rate swaps.

Revolving Credit Facilities
- ---------------------------

We increased our 1998 unused  revolving credit facility by $2.0 billion to $4.75
billion from $2.75  billion at year-end  1997.  These unused  credit  facilities
exist  largely  to  support  the  issuances  of  short-term  borrowings  and are
available for general  corporate  purposes.  The 1998 facilities are composed of
$3.1 billion expiring March 1999 and $1.65 billion expiring March 2003.

                                      F-17



<PAGE>

Short-term  borrowings  of $1.65  billion at year-end  1998 and $2.1  billion at
year-end 1997 were  reclassified as long-term debt. This reflects our intent and
ability,  through the  existence of the unused credit  facilities,  to refinance
these borrowings.

Long-term  debt  outstanding  at December 26, 1998 matures as follows during the
next five years:


                       1999    2000    2001    2002   2003
     -----------------------------------------------------
     Maturities      $1,075    $716    $323    $ 36   $284

Note 11 - Financial Instruments

Derivative Instruments
- ----------------------

Our policy prohibits the use of derivative  instruments for speculative purposes
and we have  procedures in place to monitor and control their use. The following
discussion  excludes  future  contracts  to  hedge  immaterial  amounts  of  our
commodity purchases.

Our use of  derivative  instruments  is primarily  limited to interest  rate and
currency  swaps,  which  are  used to  reduce  borrowing  costs  by  effectively
modifying the interest rate and currency of specific debt issuances. These swaps
are entered into concurrently with the issuance of the debt they are intended to
modify.  The notional  amount,  interest payment and maturity dates of the swaps
match the  principal,  interest  payment and maturity dates of the related debt.
Accordingly, any market risk or opportunity associated with these swaps is fully
offset by the  opposite  market  impact on the  related  debt.  Our credit  risk
related to interest rate and currency swaps is considered low because such swaps
are entered into only with strong  creditworthy  counterparties,  are  generally
settled on a net basis and are of relatively short duration.  Further,  there is
no  concentration  with  counterparties.  See Note 10 for the notional  amounts,
related  interest rates and maturities of the interest rate and currency  swaps.
See Management's Discussion and Analysis - Market Risk beginning on page 12.

                                      F-18



<PAGE>

Fair Value
- ----------

Carrying amounts and fair values of our financial instruments:


                                    1998               1997
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                Carrying Fair      CarryingFair
                                Amount   Value     Amount  Value
                                ------   -----     ------  -----

Assets
 Cash and cash equivalents.     $  311   $  311    $1,928  $1,928
 Short-term investments....     $   83   $   83    $  955  $  955
 Other assets (noncurrent
  investments) ............     $    5   $    5    $   15  $   15

Liabilities
 Debt
  Short-term borrowings and
   long-term debt, net of
   capital leases .........     $7,934   $8,192    $4,909  $5,124
  Debt-related derivative
  instruments
   Open contracts in asset
   position................         (6)     (20)      (28)    (22)
   Open contracts in
   liability position......         72       57       107     109
                                ------   ------    ------  ------
    Net debt...............     $8,000   $8,229    $4,988  $5,211
                                ======   ======    ======  ======

The above carrying amounts are included in the Consolidated  Balance Sheet under
the indicated captions, except for debt-related derivative instruments (interest
rate and  currency  swaps),  which are  included in the  appropriate  current or
noncurrent asset or liability caption.  Short-term investments consist primarily
of debt  securities  and have been  classified as  held-to-maturity.  Noncurrent
investments mature at various dates through 2000.

Because of the short maturity of cash  equivalents  and short-term  investments,
the  carrying  amounts  approximate  fair  value.  The fair value of  noncurrent
investments is based upon market quotes. The fair value of debt and debt-related
derivative  instruments was estimated using market quotes and calculations based
on market rates.

Note 12 - Income Taxes

U.S. and foreign  income from  continuing  operations  before income
taxes:

                               1998      1997     1996              
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
U.S........................  $1,629    $1,731   $1,630
Foreign....................     634       578      (64)
                             ------    ------   ------
                             $2,263    $2,309   $1,566
                             ======    ======   ======

                                      F-19

<PAGE>

Provision for income taxes on income from continuing operations:

                                    1998     1997      1996
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Current: Federal..........         $(193)    $598      $254
         Foreign..........           267      110       138
         State............            46       59        72
                                   -----     ----      ----
                                     120      767       464
                                   -----     ----      ----
Deferred:Federal..........           136       23       204
         Foreign..........             4       15       (41)
         State............            10       13        (3)
                                   -----     ----      ----
                                     150       51       160
                                   -----     ----      ----
                                   $ 270     $818      $624
                                   =====     ====      ====

Reconciliation  of the U.S. Federal statutory tax rate to our effective tax rate
on continuing operations:

                                   1998      1997      1996
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
U.S. Federal statutory tax rate    35.0%     35.0%     35.0%
State income tax, net of Federal
  tax benefit..................     1.6       2.0       2.9
Effect of lower taxes
 on foreign results............    (3.0)     (5.5)     (4.4)
Settlement of prior years'
 audit issues..................    (5.7)     (1.7)     (2.9)
Puerto Rico settlement.........   (21.8)        -         -
Effect of unusual impairment
 and other items...............     3.4       2.2       9.7
Other, net.....................     2.4       3.4      (0.5)
                                   ----      ----      ----
Effective tax rate on continuing
 operations....................    11.9%     35.4%     39.8%
                                   ====      ====      ====

In 1998, we reached final  agreement  with the IRS to settle  substantially  all
remaining aspects of a tax case related to our concentrate  operations in Puerto
Rico. As a result,  we recognized a tax benefit  totaling $494 million (or $0.32
per share) which reduced our 1998 provision for income taxes.

Deferred taxes are recorded to give recognition to temporary differences between
the tax  bases of assets  or  liabilities  and  their  reported  amounts  in the
financial statements. We record the tax effect of these temporary differences as
deferred tax assets or deferred tax  liabilities.  Deferred tax assets generally
represent  items that can be used as a tax  deduction or credit in future years.
Deferred  tax  liabilities  generally  represent  items that we have taken a tax
deduction for, but have not yet recorded in the income statement.

                                      F-20

<PAGE>

Deferred tax liabilities (assets):

                                       1998         1997               
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Intangible assets other than
   nondeductible goodwill.......    $ 1,444      $ 1,363
Property, plant and equipment...        665          500
Safe harbor leases..............        109          115
Zero coupon notes...............         79           84
Other...........................        473          335
                                    -------      -------
Gross deferred tax liabilities..      2,770        2,397
                                    -------      -------

Net operating loss carryforwards       (562)        (520)
Postretirement benefits.........       (246)        (247)
Various current liabilities
 and other......................       (702)        (510)
                                    -------      -------
Gross deferred tax assets.......     (1,510)      (1,277)
Deferred tax assets
 valuation allowance............        571          458
                                    -------      -------
Net deferred tax assets.........       (939)        (819)
                                    -------      -------

Net deferred tax liabilities....    $ 1,831      $ 1,578
                                    =======      =======

Included in:
  Prepaid expenses, deferred income
   taxes and other current assets   $  (172)    $  (119)
  Deferred income taxes.........      2,003        1,697
                                    -------      -------
                                    $ 1,831      $ 1,578
                                    =======      =======

Deferred tax liabilities are not recognized for temporary differences related to
investments in foreign  subsidiaries and in  unconsolidated  foreign  affiliates
that are  essentially  permanent in  duration.  It would not be  practicable  to
determine the amount of any such deferred tax liabilities.

Net operating  losses of $2.7 billion at year-end 1998 were carried  forward and
are  available to reduce  future  taxable  income of certain  subsidiaries  in a
number of foreign  and state  jurisdictions.  These net  operating  losses  will
expire as follows:  $96 million in 1999,  $2.4  billion  between  2000 and 2012,
while $201 million may be carried forward indefinitely.

Note 13 - Employee Stock Options

Stock  options have been granted to employees  under three  different  incentive
plans:
o the SharePower Stock Option Plan (SharePower),  
o the  Long-Term  Incentive  Plan (LTIP) and 
o the Stock Option  Incentive  Plan (SOIP).

SharePower
- ----------

SharePower  stock options are granted to  essentially  all full-time  employees.
SharePower  options  have a 10 year term.  Prior to 1998,  the number of options
granted  was based on each  employee's  annual  earnings  and  generally  became
exercisable  ratably over 5 years.  In 1998,  the number of  SharePower  options
granted was based on earnings and tenure and generally become  exercisable after
3 years.

                                      F-21



<PAGE>

SOIP and LTIP Prior to 1998
- ---------------------------

Prior to 1998, SOIP options were granted to middle management employees and were
exercisable  after 1 year.  LTIP  options  were  granted  to  senior  management
employees  and were  generally  exercisable  after 4 years.  Both  SOIP and LTIP
options have 10 year terms. Certain LTIP options could be exchanged by employees
for a specified  number of performance  share units (PSUs) within 60 days of the
grant  date.  The value of a PSU was fixed at the stock  price at the grant date
and the PSU was payable 4 years from the grant date,  contingent upon attainment
of prescribed  performance  goals. At year-end 1998,  1997 and 1996,  there were
84,000, 801,000 and 763,000 PSUs outstanding,  respectively.  Payment of PSUs is
made in cash and/or stock as approved by the Compensation Committee of our Board
of Directors. Amounts expensed in continuing operations for PSUs were $1 million
in 1998 and $4 million in both 1997 and 1996.

SOIP and LTIP in 1998
- ---------------------

Beginning in 1998, all executive  (including middle  management) awards are made
under  the LTIP.  Under the LTIP,  an  executive  receives  an award  based on a
multiple of base salary.  Two-thirds of the award consists of stock options with
an  exercise  price  equal to the stock  price at the date of the  award.  These
options become exercisable at the end of 3 years and have a 10 year term.

At the executive's  discretion at the date of the award, the remaining one-third
of the award will be  granted in stock  options at the end of 3 years or paid in
cash at the end of 3 years.  The number of options  granted or the cash payment,
if any, will depend on the attainment of prescribed performance goals over the 3
year period.  If the executive  chooses stock options,  they are granted with an
exercise  price  equal  to the  stock  price  at the  date  of the  grant,  vest
immediately  and have a 10 year term. If the  executive  chooses a cash payment,
one dollar of cash will be received for every four dollars of the award. Amounts
expensed for expected cash  payments were $7 million in 1998. At year-end  1998,
162 million shares were available for grants under the LTIP.

                                      F-22

<PAGE>


Stock option activity:

(Options in thousands)    1998              1997             1996        
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                              Weighted         Weighted           Weighted
                              Average          Average            Average
                              Exercise         Exercise           Exercise
                    Options   Price    Options  Price    Options   Price   
                    -------   -------- -------  -----    -------   -----
Outstanding at
 beginning of year  146,329   $18.95  177,217  $20.22   160,662   $16.10
  Granted.........   34,906    36.33    3,457   31.54    51,305    31.19
  Exercised.......  (28,076)   15.31  (25,504)  15.77   (22,687)   14.19
  Surrendered
   for PSUs.......      (24)   37.46      (15)  37.68      (431)   29.91
  Forfeited.......   (6,144)   28.83   (7,819)  24.89   (11,632)   23.13
  Spin-off related:
   Conversion to
    TRICON
    options(a)....        -        -  (13,267)  25.75         -        -
   PepsiCo modifi-
    cation(b).....        -        -   12,260       -         -        -
                    -------           -------           -------
Outstanding at end
 of year..........  146,991    23.28  146,329   18.95   177,217    20.22
                    =======           =======           =======

Exercisable at
 end of year......   82,692    16.74   81,447   15.39    80,482    14.92
                    =======           =======           =======
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Weighted average
 fair value of
 options granted
 during the year..            $ 9.82           $10.55             $ 8.89
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

(a) Effective on the date of the TRICON spin-off, unvested PepsiCo capital stock
    options held by TRICON employees were converted to TRICON stock options.
(b) Immediately following the spin-off, the number of options were increased and
    exercise prices were decreased (the "modification") to preserve the economic
    value of those  options  that  existed  just prior to the  spin-off  for the
    holders of PepsiCo capital stock options.

Stock options outstanding and exercisable at December 26, 1998:

                     Options Outstanding          Options Exercisable 
                  ---------------------------     -------------------
                         Weighted
                         Average      Weighted             Weighted
                         Remaining    Average              Average
Range of                 Contractual  Exercise             Exercise
Exercise Price   Options Life         Price      Options   Price   
- --------------   ------- -----------  --------   -------   ----------
$ 4.25 to $ 9.84  11,469   1.39 yrs.  $ 7.43       11,449   $ 7.45
$11.12 to $23.78  69,021   4.49        16.87       63,449    16.70
$26.04 to $41.50  66,501   8.27        32.80        7,794    30.53
                 -------                           ------
                 146,991   5.85        23.28       82,692    16.74
                 =======                           ======

                                      F-23

<PAGE>


Pro  forma  income  and  pro  forma  income  per  share,  as if we had  recorded
compensation expense based on fair value for stock-based awards:

                                      1998     1997    1996         
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Reported
Income
 Continuing operations..........    $1,993   $1,491   $  942
 Discontinued operations........         -      651      207
                                    ------   ------   ------
 Net income.....................    $1,993   $2,142   $1,149
                                    ======   ======   ======
Income per share
 Continuing operations..........    $ 1.31   $ 0.95   $ 0.59
 Discontinued operations........         -     0.41     0.13
                                    ------   ------   ------
 Net income                         $ 1.31   $ 1.36   $ 0.72
                                    ======   ======   ======

Pro Forma
Income
 Continuing operations..........    $1,888   $1,390   $  893
 Discontinued operations........         -      635      188
                                    ------   ------   ------
 Net income.....................    $1,888   $2,025   $1,081
                                    ======   ======   ======
Income per share
 Continuing operations..........    $ 1.24   $ 0.89   $ 0.55
 Discontinued operations........         -     0.40     0.12
                                    ------   ------   ------
 Net income                         $ 1.24   $ 1.29   $ 0.67
                                    ======   ======   ======
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Without the effect of pro forma costs related to the modification of outstanding
options  arising  from the TRICON  spin-off,  pro forma  income from  continuing
operations  is $1,899  million or $1.25 per share in 1998 and $1,436  million or
$0.92 per share in 1997.

The pro  forma  amounts  disclosed  above are not  fully  representative  of the
effects of stock-based awards because,  except for the impact resulting from the
TRICON  modification,  the  amounts  exclude  the pro forma cost  related to the
unvested stock options granted before 1995.

The fair value of the options granted  (including the modification) is estimated
using the  Black-Scholes  option-pricing  model based on the following  weighted
average assumptions:

                                      1998     1997      1996       
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------


Risk free interest rate.........       4.7%     5.8%      6.0%
Expected life...................     5 years  3 years   6 years
Expected volatility.............        23%      20%       20%
Expected dividend yield.........      1.14%    1.32%      1.5%
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Note 14 - Pension and Postretirement Benefits

In 1998,  we  adopted  the  revised  disclosure  requirements  of  Statement  of
Financial  Accounting  Standards No. 132, Employers'  Disclosures about Pensions
and Other  Postretirement  Benefits.  SFAS 132  standardized  the disclosures of
pensions and other  postretirement  benefits into a combined  format but did not
change the accounting for these benefits. Prior years' information has been
reclassified to conform to the 1998 disclosure format.

                                      F-24

<PAGE>

Pension Benefits
- ----------------

Our pension plans cover  substantially all full-time U.S.  employees and certain
international employees. Benefits depend on years of service and earnings or are
based on stated amounts for each year of service.

Postretirement Benefits
- -----------------------

Our postretirement plans provide medical and life insurance benefits principally
to U.S.  retirees and their  dependents.  Employees are eligible for benefits if
they meet age and service requirements and qualify for retirement benefits.

Components of net periodic benefit cost:

                                       1998        1997     1996  
- --------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                  Pension
                                      ------------------------------
Service cost........................  $  95       $  82    $  74
Interest cost.......................    136         123      111
Expected return on plan assets......   (169)       (148)    (136)
Amortization of transition asset....     (9)        (14)     (14)
Amortization of prior service
 amendments.........................     12          11       10
Amortization of net loss............      5           4        2
                                      -----       -----    -----
Net periodic benefit cost...........  $  70       $  58    $  47
Settlement loss/(gain)..............      9          (4)       -
Special termination benefits              4           8        -
                                      -----       -----    -----
Net periodic benefit cost including                       
 settlements and special
 termination benefits...............  $  83       $  62    $  47
                                      =====       =====    =====

Components of net periodic benefit cost:

                                       1998       1997      1996  
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
                                               Postretirement
                                       ------------------------------
Service cost........................  $  16      $  12     $  12
Interest cost.......................     39         40        43
Amortization of prior service 
 amendments.........................    (18)       (18)      (18)
Amortization of net (gain)/loss.....     (2)         -         2
                                      -----      -----     -----
Net periodic benefit cost...........  $  35      $  34     $  39
Special termination benefits........      1          -         -
                                      -----      -----     -----
Net periodic benefit cost including                       
 special termination benefits.......  $  36      $  34     $  39
                                      =====      =====     =====

Prior  service  costs are  amortized on a  straight-line  basis over the average
remaining service period of employees expected to receive benefits.

                                      F-25

<PAGE>



Change in the benefit obligation:
                                       1998     1997   1998     1997 
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
                                           Pension    Postretirement


Obligation at beginning of year.... $ 1,928   $1,672  $ 528    $ 525
Service cost.......................      95       82     16       12
Interest cost......................     136      123     39       40
Plan amendments....................       5       11      -        -
Participant contributions..........       4        3      -        -
Actuarial loss/(gain)..............     229      153     56      (13)
Acquisitions/(divestitures)........     236      (16)    42       (5)
Benefit payments...................    (149)     (99)   (38)     (31)
Curtailment gain...................      (1)      (1)     -        -
Special termination benefits.......       4        8      1        -
Foreign currency adjustment........      (8)      (8)     -        -
                                     -------   ------  -----    -----
Obligation at end of year..........  $ 2,479   $1,928  $ 644    $ 528
                                     =======   ======  =====    =====

Change in the fair value of plan assets:
                                       1998     1997   1998     1997 
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
                                           Pension    Postretirement
                                    ---------------------------------
Fair value at beginning ofyear....  $ 1,997   $1,638  $   -    $   -
Actual return on plan assets......      (71)     439      -        -
Acquisitions/(divestitures).......      240       (5)     -        -
Employer contributions............       31       29     38       31
Participant contributions.........        4        3      -        -
Benefit payments..................     (149)     (99)   (38)     (31)
Foreign currency adjustment.......       (7)      (8)     -        -
                                     ------   ------   ----    -----
Fair value at end of year.........  $ 2,045   $1,997  $   -    $   -
                                    =======   ======  =====    =====

Selected  information for plans with accumulated benefit obligation in excess of
plan assets:
                                       1998     1997   1998     1997 
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
                                           Pension    Postretirement
                                    ---------------------------------
Projected benefit obligation...     $(1,960)  $ (161) $(644)   $(528)
Accumulated benefit obligation..    $(1,661)  $  (83) $(644)   $(528)
Fair value of plan assets.......    $ 1,498   $   14  $   -    $   -

Funded status as recognized on the Consolidated Balance Sheet:

                                       1998     1997   1998     1997 
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
                                           Pension    Postretirement
                                    ---------------------------------
Funded status at end of year......  $  (434)  $   69  $(644)   $(528)
Unrecognized prior service cost...       76       83    (69)     (87)
Unrecognized loss/(gain)..........      338     (122)    29      (29)
Unrecognized transition asset.....       (7)     (16)     -        -
                                    --------  ------  -----    -----
Net amounts recognized............  $   (27)  $   14  $(684)   $(644)
                                    =======   ======  =====    =====

                                      F-26

<PAGE>

Net amounts as recognized in the Consolidated Balance Sheet:

                                       1998     1997   1998    1997 

- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
                                           Pension    Postretirement
                                      -------------------------------
Prepaid benefit cost................. $ 116    $ 137   $   -  $   -
Accrued benefit liability............  (210)    (123)   (684)  (644)
Intangible assets....................    36        -       -      -
Accumulated other comprehensive income   31        -       -      -
                                      -----    -----   -----  -----
Net amounts recognized............... $ (27)   $  14   $(684) $(644)
                                      =====    =====   =====  =====

Weighted-average assumptions at end of year:

                                       1998     1997   1996
- --------------------------------------------------------------
                                               Pension
                                       -----------------------
Discount rate for benefit obligation    6.8%     7.3%   7.8%
Expected return on plan assets.......  10.2%    10.3%  10.3%
Rate of compensation increase........   4.7%     4.8%   4.8%

The  discount  rate  assumptions  used to  compute  the  postretirement  benefit
obligation at year-end were 6.9% in 1998 and 7.4% in 1997.

Components of Pension Assets

The pension plan assets are  principally  stocks and bonds.  The U.S.  plan held
approximately  10.1 million shares of PepsiCo capital stock with a fair value of
$298 million in 1998 and 11.7  million  shares with a fair value of $436 million
in 1997. The plan received  dividends on PepsiCo  capital stock of $6 million in
both 1998 and 1997. To maintain  diversification,  1.6 million shares of PepsiCo
capital stock were sold in 1998 and .5 million shares were sold in 1997.

Health Care Cost Trend Rates

An  average  increase  of 6.7% in the  cost of  covered  postretirement  medical
benefits is assumed for 1999 for employees  who retired  before cost sharing was
introduced. This average increase is then projected to decline gradually to 5.5%
in 2005 and thereafter.

An  average  increase  of 6.5% in the  cost of  covered  postretirement  medical
benefits is assumed for 1999 for  employees  who retired  after cost sharing was
introduced. This average increase is then projected to decline gradually to zero
in 2005 and thereafter.

Assumed  health care cost trend rates have a  significant  effect on the amounts
reported for  postretirement  medical plans.  A one  percentage  point change in
assumed health care costs would have the following effects:

                                                      1% Increase 1% Decrease
                                                      ----------- -----------
Effect on total of 1998 service and interest
  cost components............................          $    2     $  (2)
Effect on the 1998 accumulated postretirement          
  benefit obligation.........................          $   30     $ (28)

                                      F-27

<PAGE>

Note 15 - Contingencies

We are subject to various claims and contingencies  related to lawsuits,  taxes,
environmental  and other  matters  arising out of the normal course of business.
Contingent   liabilities  primarily  reflect  guarantees  to  support  financial
arrangements of certain unconsolidated  affiliates. We believe that the ultimate
liability,  if any, in excess of amounts  already  recognized  arising from such
claims or  contingencies  is not likely to have a material adverse effect on our
annual results of operations, financial condition or liquidity.

Note 16 - Business Segments

In 1998,  we adopted  Statement  of  Financial  Accounting  Standards  No.  131,
Disclosures  about Segments of a Business  Enterprise  and Related  Information,
which is  generally  based on our 1998  management  reporting.  The prior years'
segment information  presented in this footnote has been restated to present our
five reportable segments as follows:

o    Pepsi-Cola
       - North America
       - International
o    Frito-Lay
       - North America
       - International
o    Tropicana

The North American segments include the United States and Canada.  The Tropicana
segment  includes  its  worldwide  results.  In  contemplation  of the  proposed
separation from PepsiCo of our bottling operations (see Note 18), we completed a
reorganization  of  our  Pepsi-Cola  businesses  in  1999.  Our  1998  financial
statements do not reflect the reorganization.

The accounting  policies of the segments are the same as those described in Note
1 - Summary of Significant  Accounting Policies.  All intersegment net sales and
expenses are  immaterial  and have been  eliminated  in computing  net sales and
operating profit.

Pepsi-Cola North America
- ------------------------
Pepsi-Cola  North America markets and  distributes  its Pepsi-Cola,  Diet Pepsi,
Mountain Dew and other brands. PCNA manufactures  concentrates of its brands for
sale to franchised  bottlers.  PCNA operates  bottling  plants and  distribution
facilities for the production and  distribution  of  company-owned  and licensed
brands.  PCNA  also  manufactures  and  distributes  ready-to-drink  Lipton  tea
products through a joint venture and processes and distributes  Aquafina bottled
water.

Investments in  unconsolidated  affiliates are primarily in franchised  bottling
and distribution operations.

                                      F-28


<PAGE>

Pepsi-Cola International
- ------------------------
Pepsi-Cola  International  markets and distributes  its Pepsi-Cola,  Diet Pepsi,
Mountain   Dew,   7UP,   Diet  7UP,   Mirinda,   Pepsi  Max  and  other   brands
internationally.  PCI  manufactures  concentrates  of its  brands  for  sale  to
franchised bottlers. PCI operates bottling plants and distribution facilities in
various   international   markets  for  the  production  and   distribution   of
company-owned and licensed brands.

Principal international markets include Argentina, Brazil, China, India, Mexico,
the  Philippines,   Saudi  Arabia,  Spain,  Thailand  and  the  United  Kingdom.
Investments in  unconsolidated  affiliates are primarily in franchised  bottling
and distribution operations.

Frito-Lay North America
- -----------------------
Frito-Lay North America  primarily  markets,  manufactures and distributes salty
snacks. Products manufactured and distributed in North America include Lay's and
Ruffles brand potato chips,  Doritos and Tostitos brand tortilla  chips,  Fritos
brand  corn  chips,  Cheetos  brand  cheese  flavored  snacks,  Rold Gold  brand
pretzels,  and a variety of dips and  salsas.  Low-fat  and no-fat  versions  of
several core brands are also manufactured and distributed in North America.

Frito-Lay International
- -----------------------
Frito-Lay  International  markets,  manufactures and distributes salty and sweet
snacks.  Products  include  Walkers  brand  snack  foods in the United  Kingdom,
Sabritas  brand snack foods in Mexico,  and Alegro and Gamesa brand sweet snacks
in Mexico. Many of our U.S. brands have been introduced  internationally such as
Lay's and Ruffles brand potato chips, Doritos and Tostitos brand tortilla chips,
Fritos brand corn chips and Cheetos brand cheese flavored snacks.

Principal  international  snack markets include Australia,  Brazil,  Mexico, the
Netherlands, South Africa, Spain and the United Kingdom.

Tropicana
- ---------
Tropicana  markets,  produces and  distributes  its juices  worldwide.  Products
include Tropicana Pure Premium,  Season's Best, Dole, Tropicana Pure Tropics and
Tropicana  Twister brand juices  primarily sold in the United States and many in
Canada and brands such as Fruvita,  Hitchcock,  Looza and Copella  available  in
Europe.

Principal  international markets include Belgium,  Canada, France and the United
Kingdom.   The  investment  in  unconsolidated   affiliates  is  a  distribution
operation.

                                      F-29



<PAGE>

Impairment and Other Items Affecting Comparability
- --------------------------------------------------

Effects on segments of impairment and other items are as follows:

                                 1998   1997    1996
                                 ----   ----    ----
Pepsi-Cola
- - North America.............     $ 16   $ 52    $  -
- - International.............      218    154     576
Frito-Lay
- - North America.............       54     22       -
- - International.............        -     62       -
                                 ----   ----    ----
Combined Segments........        $288   $290    $576
                                 ====   ====    ====

See Note 3 for details on the above unusual impairment and other items.

                                      F-30

<PAGE>

BUSINESS SEGMENTS                                 (page 1 of 3)

                                1998       1997      1996       
- ----------------------------------------------------------------
                                        Net Sales           
                              ---------------------------
Pepsi-Cola
- - North America............   $ 8,266   $ 7,899   $ 7,788
- - International............     2,385     2,642     2,799
Frito-Lay
- - North America............     7,474     6,967     6,628
- - International............     3,501     3,409     3,122
Tropicana                         722         -         -
                              -------   -------   -------
                              $22,348   $20,917   $20,337
                              =======   =======   =======
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------  
                                     Operating Profit        (a)
                              ---------------------------
Pepsi-Cola
- - North America............   $ 1,211   $ 1,274   $ 1,428
- - International............      (219)     (144)     (846)
Frito-Lay
- - North America............     1,424     1,388     1,286
- - International............       367       318       346
Tropicana                          40         -         -
                              -------   -------   -------
Combined Segments..........     2,823     2,836     2,214
Corporate (b)..............      (239)     (174)     (174)  
                              -------   -------   -------
                              $ 2,584   $ 2,662   $ 2,040
                              =======   =======   =======
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------  
                                        Total Assets        
                              ---------------------------
Pepsi-Cola
- - North America............   $ 8,269   $ 7,562   $ 7,199
- - International............     2,536     3,134     3,487
Frito-Lay
- - North America............     3,915     3,650     3,116
- - International............     4,039     3,583     3,418
Tropicana..................     3,661         -         -
Corporate (c)............         240     2,172       490
Net Assets of Discontinued
 Operations..............           -         -     4,450
                              -------   -------   -------
                              $22,660   $20,101   $22,160
                              =======   =======   =======
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------  
                             Amortization of Intangible Assets
                             ---------------------------------
Pepsi-Cola
- - North America............   $   136   $   141   $   143
- - International............        14        14        22
Frito-Lay
- - North America............         7         6         5
- - International............        43        38        36
Tropicana                          22         -         -
                              -------   -------   -------
                              $   222   $   199   $   206
                              =======   =======   =======
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------  

(a)  Includes    Impairment    and   Other   Items    Affecting Comparability on
     page F-30.
(b)  Includes unallocated corporate headquarters expenses and costs of centrally
     managed  insurance  programs,   minority  interests  and  foreign  exchange
     translation and transaction gains and losses.
(c)  Corporate  assets  consist   principally  of  cash  and  cash  equivalents,
     short-term  investments  primarily  held  outside the U.S. and property and
     equipment.

                                      F-31

<PAGE>

BUSINESS SEGMENTS (page 2 of 3)

                                1998       1997      1996       
- -----------------------------------------------------------------
                      Depreciation and Other Amortization Expense 
                      -------------------------------------------   
Pepsi-Cola
- - North America............    $  369    $  337    $  323
- - International............       140       166       191
Frito-Lay
- - North America............       326       285       243
- - International............       142       112       103
Tropicana..................        27         -         -
Corporate..................         8         7         7
                               ------    ------    ------
                               $1,012    $  907    $  867
                               ======    ======    ======
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------  
                              Significant Other Noncash Items (d)
                              -------------------------------
Pepsi-Cola
- - North America............    $    -    $   52    $    -
- - International............       200       119       366
Frito-Lay
- - North America............        54         9         -
- - International............         -        53         -
                               ------    ------    ------
                               $  254    $  233    $  366
                               ======    ======    ======
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------  
                                     Capital Spending        
                               ------------------------------
Pepsi-Cola
- - North America............    $  472    $  430    $  399
- - International............       138       188       249
Frito-Lay
- - North America............       402       622       760
- - International............       314       251       213
Tropicana..................        50         -         -
Corporate................          29        15         9
                               ------    ------    ------
                               $1,405    $1,506    $1,630
                               ======    ======    ======
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------  
                                      Investments in
                                Unconsolidated Affiliates    
                               ------------------------------
Pepsi-Cola
- - North America............    $  326    $  340    $  308
- - International............       685       605       562
Frito-Lay
- - North America............         -         -         3
- - International............       341       234       252
Tropicana..................        22         -         -
Corporate..................        22        22        22
                               ------    ------    ------
                               $1,396    $1,201    $1,147
                               ======    ======    ======
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------  

(d)  Represents the noncash portion of unusual  impairment and other items.  See
     Note 3.

                                      F-32

<PAGE>

BUSINESS SEGMENTS                                 (page 3 of 3)

                                1998       1997      1996
- --------------------------------------------------------------------
                                Equity Income/(Loss) from
                               Unconsolidated Affiliates (e)
                             -------------------------------
Pepsi-Cola
- - North America............   $    50   $    41   $    32
- - International............       (21)       (4)     (341)
Frito-Lay
- - North America............         -        (3)        -
- - International............        (5)       50        35
Tropicana..................         1         -         -
                              -------   -------   -------
                              $    25   $    84   $  (274)
                              =======   =======   =======
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------   


GEOGRAPHIC AREAS                 1998      1997      1996 
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------
                                         Net Sales 
                              ---------------------------         
United States............     $15,381   $13,878   $13,408
International............       6,967     7,039     6,929
                              -------   -------   -------
Combined Segments........     $22,348   $20,917   $20,337
                              =======   =======   =======
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------   

                                    Long-Lived Assets    (f)
                             -------------------------------
United States............     $12,948   $ 9,466   $ 9,271
International............       4,762     3,851     3,998
                              -------   -------   -------
Combined Segments........     $17,710   $13,317   $13,269
                              =======   =======   =======
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------   

(e)  Includes  unusual  charges of $256  million  in 1996 in PCI  related to the
     write down of our  investment  in Buenos Aires  Embotelladora  S.A. and our
     share of the unusual  charges  recorded by BAESA.  In 1997,  FLI included a
     gain of $22 million related to the sale of a non-core investment.
(f)  Represents Property,  Plant and Equipment,  net, Intangible Assets, net and
     Investments in Unconsolidated Affiliates.

                                      F-33

<PAGE>

Note 17 - Selected Quarterly Financial Data

($ in millions except per share amounts, unaudited)   (page 1 of 3)

                                                  First Quarter
                                                    (12 Weeks)
                                                1998         1997    
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net sales................................  $   4,353        4,213
Gross profit.............................  $   2,603        2,492
Unusual impairment and other
 items - (gain) (b)......................  $       -          (22)
Operating profit.........................  $     590          581
Income from continuing operations........  $     377          318
Income from discontinued operations (d)..  $       -          109
Net income...............................  $     377          427
Net income per share - basic
  Continuing operations..................  $    0.25         0.21
  Discontinued operations................  $       -         0.07
  Net income.............................  $    0.25         0.28
Net income per share - assuming dilution
  Continuing operations..................  $    0.24         0.20
  Discontinued operations................  $       -         0.07
  Net income.............................  $    0.24         0.27
Cash dividends declared per share........  $   0.125        0.115
Stock price per share (e)
  High...................................  $ 43 9/16     34 55/64
  Low....................................  $  34 7/8       29 1/8
  Close..................................  $      43       32 1/2
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                  Second Quarter
                                                   (12 Weeks)
                                                1998         1997    
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net sales................................  $   5,258        5,086
Gross profit.............................  $   3,110        3,017
Unusual impairment and other
 items - loss (b)........................  $       -          326
Operating profit.........................  $     778          436
Income from continuing operations........  $     494          176
Income from discontinued operations (d)..  $       -          480
Net income ..............................  $     494          656
Net income per share - basic
  Continuing operations..................  $    0.33         0.11
  Discontinued operations................  $       -         0.31
  Net income.............................  $    0.33         0.42
Net income per share - assuming dilution
  Continuing operations..................  $    0.33         0.11
  Discontinued operations................  $       -         0.31
  Net income.............................  $    0.33         0.42
Cash dividends declared per share........  $    0.13        0.125
Stock price per share (e)
  High...................................  $44 11/16           39
  Low...................................   $  37 5/8       31 1/4
  Close..................................  $40 11/16           39
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                      F-34

<PAGE>


($ in millions except per share amounts, unaudited)   (page 2 of 3)

                                                    Third Quarter
                                                     (12 Weeks)
                                                  1998        1997     
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net sales................................    $   5,544       5,362
Gross profit.............................    $   3,261       3,183
Operating profit.........................    $     889         929
Income from continuing operations (c)....    $     761         551
Income from discontinued operations (d)..    $       -         107
Net income ..............................    $     761         658
Net income per share - basic
  Continuing operations..................    $    0.52        0.36
  Discontinued operations................    $       -        0.07
  Net income.............................    $    0.52        0.43
Net income per share - assuming dilution
  Continuing operations..................    $    0.50        0.35
  Discontinued operations................    $       -        0.07
  Net income.............................    $    0.50        0.42
Cash dividends declared per share........    $    0.13       0.125
Stock price per share (e)
  High...................................    $  43 5/8    39 11/16
  Low....................................    $27 11/16      35 1/2
  Close..................................    $ 30 5/16      37 5/8
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                  Fourth Quarter(a)
                                                     (16 Weeks)
                                                  1998        1997    
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net sales................................    $   7,193       6,256
Gross profit.............................    $   4,044       3,700
Unusual impairment and other
 items - loss/(gain) (b).................    $     288         (14)
Operating profit.........................    $     327         716
Income from continuing operations (c)....    $     361         446
Income (loss) from discontinued operations(d)$       -         (45)
Net income ..............................    $     361         401
Net income (loss) per share - basic
  Continuing operations..................    $    0.25        0.30
  Discontinued operations................    $       -       (0.03)
  Net income.............................    $    0.25        0.27
Net income (loss) per share -
 assuming dilution
  Continuing operations..................    $    0.24        0.29
  Discontinued operations................    $       -       (0.04)
  Net income.............................    $    0.24        0.25
Cash dividends declared per share........    $    0.13       0.125
Stock price per share (e)
  High...................................    $ 41 1/16          40
  Low....................................    $28 11/16      34 1/4
  Close..................................    $ 40 7/16    34 11/16
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                      F-35


<PAGE>


($ in millions except per share amounts, unaudited)   (page 3 of 3)

                                                    Full Year
                                                    (52 Weeks)
                                                1998         1997    
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net sales................................  $  22,348       20,917
Gross profit.............................  $  13,018       12,392
Unusual impairment and other
 items - loss (b)........................  $     288          290
Operating profit.........................  $   2,584        2,662
Income from continuing operations (c)....  $   1,993        1,491
Income from discontinued operations (d)..  $       -          651
Net income...............................  $   1,993        2,142
Net income per share - basic
  Continuing operations..................  $    1.35         0.98
  Discontinued operations................  $       -         0.42
  Net income.............................  $    1.35         1.40
Net income per share - assuming dilution
  Continuing operations..................  $    1.31         0.95
  Discontinued operations................  $       -         0.41
  Net income.............................  $    1.31         1.36
Cash dividends declared per share........  $   0.515         0.49
Stock price per share (e)
  High...................................  $44 11/16           40
  Low....................................  $27 11/16       29 1/8
  Close..................................  $40  7/16     34 11/16
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------

(a) Fourth  quarter 1998 includes the operating  results of Tropicana  which was
    acquired in August of 1998.
(b) Unusual impairment and other items - loss/(gain) (see Note 3):

                                 1998                   1997      
                         --------------------   ------------------
                         Pre-   After    Per    Pre-  After   Per
                         Tax     Tax    Share   Tax    Tax   Share
                         ----   -----   -----   ----  -----  -----

      First quarter....  $  -   $  -   $   -    $(22)  $  2  $   -
      Second quarter...     -      -       -     326    238   0.15
      Fourth quarter...   288    261    0.17     (14)    (1)     -
                         ----   ----   -----    ----   ----  -----
         Full year.....  $288   $261   $0.17    $290   $239  $0.15
                         ====   ====   =====    ====   ====  =====

(c) Includes in 1998 a tax  benefit of $200  million (or $0.13 per share) in the
    third quarter and $294 million (or $0.19 per share) in the fourth quarter.
    See Note 12.
(d) See Note 4.
(e) Represents  the high,  low and  closing  prices  for one share of  PepsiCo's
    capital  stock on the New York  Stock  Exchange.  Stock  prices on or before
    October 6, 1997 are not adjusted to reflect the TRICON spin-off. See Note 4.

                                      F-36


<PAGE>

Note 18 - Pending Transactions/Events

In November 1998, our Board of Directors approved a plan for the separation from
PepsiCo  of  certain  wholly-owned  bottling  businesses  located  in the United
States,  Canada,  Spain,  Greece and Russia,  referred to as The Pepsi  Bottling
Group.  Pursuant to this plan, PBG intends to sell shares of its common stock in
an initial  public  offering  and  PepsiCo  intends  to retain a  noncontrolling
ownership interest in PBG. A registration statement relating to the Offering was
filed on Form S-1 with the Securities and Exchange  Commission.  The transaction
is subject to market  conditions and regulatory  approval.  If consummated,  the
transaction  is expected to result in a gain to PepsiCo,  net of related  costs.
These related costs will include a charge for the early vesting of PepsiCo stock
options held by PBG employees,  which will be based on the price of our stock at
the date of the Offering.  In February and March of 1999,  PBG and its principal
operating  subsidiary,  Bottling LLC, incurred $6.55 billion of indebtedness,  a
large  portion  of which is  intended  to be  temporary  and be repaid  with the
proceeds of the Offering.  It is intended that the remainder  will be carried as
PBG's long-term indebtedness of which $2.3 billion is unconditionally guaranteed
by PepsiCo.

In January  1999,  we  announced an agreement  with the Whitman  Corporation  to
realign bottling  territories.  Subject to approval by the Whitman  shareholders
and various regulatory  authorities,  we plan to combine certain of our bottling
operations  in the  mid-western  United  States and Central  Europe with most of
Whitman's existing bottling businesses to create new Whitman. Under the terms of
the  agreement,  our current  equity  interest of 20% in General  Bottlers,  the
principal operating company of Whitman, will also be transferred to new Whitman.
Whitman  transferred  its  existing  bottling  operations  in Marion,  Virginia;
Princeton,  West Virginia; and St. Petersburg,  Russia to PBG. It is planned for
new Whitman to assume certain indebtedness  associated with our transferred U.S.
operations  with net  proceeds to us of $300  million.  Upon  completion  of the
transaction,  we will  receive 54 million  shares of new  Whitman  common  stock
resulting in a noncontrolling  ownership interest. If approved, this transaction
is expected to result in a net gain to PepsiCo.

The  Frito-Lay  program,  to  improve  productivity  discussed  in Note 3,  also
includes  consolidating U.S.  production in our most modern and efficient plants
and streamlining logistics and transportation  systems. This program is expected
to  result  in  additional  asset  impairment  and   restructuring   charges  of
approximately $65 million to be recorded in the first quarter of 1999.

                                      F-37

<PAGE>


Management's Responsibility for Financial Statements

To Our Shareholders:

Management is  responsible  for the  reliability of the  consolidated  financial
statements  and  related  notes.  The  financial  statements  were  prepared  in
conformity  with generally  accepted  accounting  principles and include amounts
based upon our estimates and assumptions,  as required. The financial statements
have been  audited by our  independent  auditors,  KPMG LLP, who were given free
access to all  financial  records and  related  data,  including  minutes of the
meetings of the Board of Directors and Committees of the Board.  We believe that
our representations to the independent auditors were valid and appropriate.

Management   maintains  a  system  of  internal  controls  designed  to  provide
reasonable assurance as to the reliability of the financial statements,  as well
as to  safeguard  assets from  unauthorized  use or  disposition.  The system is
supported by formal policies and procedures, including an active Code of Conduct
program intended to ensure employees adhere to the highest standards of personal
and professional integrity.  Our internal audit function monitors and reports on
the adequacy of and compliance with the internal control system, and appropriate
actions  are  taken  to  address  significant  control  deficiencies  and  other
opportunities  for  improving  the  system  as they are  identified.  The  Audit
Committee of the Board of Directors,  consists solely of directors,  who are not
salaried  employees and who are, in the opinion of the Board of Directors,  free
from any  relationship  that would  interfere  with the exercise of  independent
judgment as a committee member. The Committee meets several times each year with
representatives  of management,  including internal auditors and the independent
accountants  to review our  financial  reporting  process  and our  controls  to
safeguard assets. Both our independent  auditors and internal auditors have free
access to the Audit Committee.

Although no cost-effective  internal control system will preclude all errors and
irregularities,  we  believe  our  controls  as of  December  26,  1998  provide
reasonable  assurance  that the financial  statements  are reliable and that our
assets are reasonably safeguarded.

                                      F-38


<PAGE>


Report of Independent Auditors


Board of Directors and Shareholders
PepsiCo, Inc.


We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of PepsiCo, Inc. and
Subsidiaries  as of  December  26,  1998 and  December  27, 1997 and the related
consolidated  statements of income, cash flows and shareholders' equity for each
of  the  years  in  the  three-year   period  ended  December  26,  1998.  These
consolidated  financial  statements are the  responsibility  of PepsiCo,  Inc.'s
management.  Our  responsibility is to express an opinion on these  consolidated
financial statements based on our audits.

We  conducted  our  audits  in  accordance  with  generally   accepted  auditing
standards.  Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material
misstatement.  An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.  An audit also includes
assessing the  accounting  principles  used and  significant  estimates  made by
management,  as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion, the consolidated  financial statements referred to above present
fairly, in all material respects,  the financial  position of PepsiCo,  Inc. and
Subsidiaries  as of December 26, 1998 and December 27, 1997,  and the results of
their  operations  and their cash flows for each of the years in the  three-year
period ended December 26, 1998, in conformity with generally accepted accounting
principles.




/s/ KPMG LLP

New York, New York
February 1, 1999, except as to Note 18 which is as of March 8, 1999

                                      F-39

<PAGE>



- --------------------------------------------------------------------
Selected Financial Data                           (Page 1 of 4)

(in millions except per share and employee amounts, unaudited)
PepsiCo, Inc. and Subsidiaries
- --------------------------------------------------------------------
                                   Compounded
                                  Growth Rates
                                     5-Year
                                   1993-1998      1998(a)(b)  1997(a)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------
Summary of Operations
Net sales...........................       7%   $  22,348   20,917
Operating profit....................       4%   $   2,584    2,662
Income from continuing operations...      12%   $   1,993    1,491
Cash Flow Data
Provided by operating activities....            $   3,211    3,419
Dividends paid......................      10%   $     757      736
Share repurchases...................      37%   $   2,230    2,459
Per Share Data
Income from continuing operations -
 assuming dilution..................      13%   $    1.31     0.95
Cash dividends declared.............      11%   $   0.515     0.49
Book value per share at year-end....       2%   $    4.35     4.62
Market price per share at year-end (g)    14%   $ 40 7/16 34 11/16
Market price per share at year-end -
 continuing operations (h)..........      16%   $ 40 7/16 34 11/16
Balance Sheet
Net assets of discontinued
 operations (i).....................            $       -        -
Total assets (j)....................            $  22,660   20,101
Long-term debt......................            $   4,028    4,946
Total debt (k)......................            $   7,949    4,946
Shareholders' equity................            $   6,401    6,936
Other Statistics
EBITDA from continuing operations (l)           $   4,072    4,001
Return on invested capital (m)......                   16%      18
Number of shares repurchased........                 59.2     69.0
Shares outstanding at year-end......                1,471    1,502
Average shares outstanding used to
 calculate income per share from
 continuing operations -
 assuming dilution..................                1,519    1,570
Employees of continuing operations..              151,000  142,000

                                      F-40

<PAGE>



- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Selected Financial Data                           (Page 2 of 4)

(in millions except per share and employee amounts, unaudited)
PepsiCo, Inc. and Subsidiaries                                      

                                            1996(a)        1995(c)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Summary of Operations
Net sales...........................      $  20,337        19,067
Operating profit....................      $   2,040         2,606
Income from continuing operations...      $     942         1,422
Cash Flow Data
Provided by operating activities....      $   3,192         2,642
Dividends paid......................      $     675           599
Share repurchases...................      $   1,651           541
Per Share Data
Income from continuing operations -
 assuming dilution..................      $    0.59          0.88
Cash dividends declared.............      $   0.445          0.39
Book value per share at year-end....      $    4.29          4.64
Market price per share at year-end (g)    $  29 5/8      27 15/16
Market price per share at year-end -
 continuing operations (h)..........      $27 15/64      25 43/64
Balance Sheet
Net assets of discontinued operations(i)  $   4,450         4,744
Total assets (j)....................      $  22,160        22,944
Long-term debt......................      $   8,174         8,248
Total debt (k) .....................      $   8,174         8,806
Shareholders' equity................      $   6,623         7,313
Other Statistics
EBITDA from continuing operations (l)     $   3,479         3,718
Return on invested capital (m).........          17%           18
Number of shares repurchased........           54.2          24.6
Shares outstanding at year-end......          1,545         1,576
Average shares outstanding used to
 calculate income per share from
 continuing operations -
 assuming dilution..................          1,606         1,608
Employees of continuing operations..        137,000       137,000

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                      F-41

<PAGE>


Selected Financial Data                           (Page 3 of 4)

(in millions except per share and employee amounts, unaudited)
PepsiCo, Inc. and Subsidiaries                                      
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                              1994(d)(e)(f)  1993   
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Summary of Operations
Net sales...........................      $  17,984        15,706
Operating profit....................      $   2,506         2,141
Income from continuing operations...      $   1,363         1,152
Cash Flow Data
Provided by operating activities....      $      NA            NA
Dividends paid......................      $     540           462
Share repurchases...................      $     549           463
Per Share Data
Income from continuing operations -
 assuming dilution..................      $    0.85          0.71
Cash dividends declared.............      $    0.35         0.305
Book value per share at year-end....      $    4.34          3.97
Market price per share at year-end (g)    $  18 1/8      20 15/16
Market price per share at year-end -
 continuing operations (h)..........      $16 21/32        19 1/4
Balance Sheet
Net assets of discontinued
 operations (i).....................      $   5,183         4,548
Total assets (j)....................      $  22,533        21,628
Long-term debt......................      $   8,570         7,148
Total debt (k) .....................      $   9,114         9,209
Shareholders' equity................      $   6,856         6,339
Other Statistics
EBITDA from continuing operations (l)     $      NA            NA
Return on invested capital (m)......             18%           17
Number of shares repurchased........           30.0          24.8
Shares outstanding at year-end......          1,580         1,598
Average shares outstanding used to
 calculate income per share from
 continuing operations -
 assuming dilution..................          1,608         1,620
Employees of continuing operations..        129,000       119,000


NA-Not Available

We made a significant acquisition in 1998 (see Note 2), numerous acquisitions in
most years presented and a few divestitures in certain years.  Such transactions
do not  materially  affect the  comparability  of our operating  results for the
periods presented. In 1997, we disposed of our restaurants segment and accounted
for it as discontinued operations (see Note 4). Accordingly, all information has
been  reclassified for the years 1997 and prior. All share and per share amounts
reflect a  two-for-one  stock split in 1996 and per share  amounts are  computed
using average shares outstanding, assuming dilution.

                                      F-42

<PAGE>

- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
Selected Financial Data                           (Page 4 of 4)

(in millions except per share and employee amounts, unaudited)
PepsiCo, Inc. and Subsidiaries
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
(a)  Includes  unusual  impairment  and other items of $288 ($261  after-tax  or
     $0.17 per share) in 1998,  $290 ($239 after-tax or $0.15 per share) in 1997
     and $576 ($527 after-tax or $0.33 per share) in 1996. See Note 3.
(b)  Includes a tax benefit of $494 (or $0.32 per  share).  See Note
     12.
(c)  Includes the  initial,  noncash  charge of $66 ($64  after-tax or $0.04 per
     share) upon adoption in 1995 of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards
     No.  121,  Accounting  for the  Impairment  of  Long-Lived  Assets  and for
     Long-Lived Assets to Be Disposed Of.
(d)  Includes the cumulative effect of adopting SFAS 112, Employers'  Accounting
     for  Postemployment  Benefits of $77 ($51 after-tax or $0.03 per share) and
     changing to a preferable method for calculating the market-related value of
     plan assets used in  determining  the  return-on-asset  component of annual
     pension expense and the cumulative net unrecognized gain or loss subject to
     amortization  of $32 ($20  after-tax or $0.01 per share).  Prior years were
     not restated for these changes in accounting.
(e)  Includes a benefit of changing to the preferable method for calculating the
     market-related  value of plan  assets  in 1994,  which  reduced  full  year
     pension expense by $29 ($18 after-tax or $0.01 per share).
(f)  Fiscal year 1994 consists of 53 weeks. Normally, fiscal years consist of 52
     weeks;  however,  because  the  fiscal  year ends on the last  Saturday  in
     December,  a week  is  added  every  5 or 6  years.  The  fifty-third  week
     increased  1994 earnings by  approximately  $31 ($28 after-tax or $0.02 per
     share).
(g)  Represents  historically  reported  market  price of one  share of  PepsiCo
     capital stock.
(h)  For 1996 and prior,  represents  approximately 92% of the historical market
     price of one share of PepsiCo capital stock,  which is the allocated market
     value  of our  packaged  goods  businesses  used by the  NYSE on or  before
     October 6, 1997. The remaining 8% represents the market value  allocated to
     TRICON. See Note 4.
(i)  Represents  net assets of  discontinued  operations,  which are included in
     total assets. See Note 4.
(j)  Includes net assets of  discontinued  operations.  
(k)  Includes  short-term borrowings and long-term debt.
(l)  Defined as earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation,  amortization and
     the noncash portion of unusual  impairment and other items of $254 in 1998,
     $233 in  1997,  $366 in 1996  and $66 in 1995.  EBITDA  is used by  certain
     investors  as a measure of a  company's  ability to  service  its debt.  It
     should be  considered  in addition to, but not as a substitute  for,  other
     measures of financial  performance in accordance  with  generally  accepted
     accounting principles.

                                      F-43




<PAGE>

(m)  Defined as  income from  continuing  operations before  after-tax  interest
     expense,  amortization of intangible  assets,  unusual impairment and other
     items and 1998 tax  benefit  divided  by an  average  of the 5 most  recent
     quarters  net asset base  before  accumulated  amortization  of  intangible
     assets and net asset base of  discontinued  operations.  Return on invested
     capital is used by certain  investors as a measure of a company's return on
     its  investments.  It should be  considered  in  addition  to, but not as a
     substitute for, other measures of financial  performance in accordance with
     GAAP. In addition,  our EDITDA may not be  comparable  to similar  measures
     reported by other companies.

                                      F-44


<PAGE>


                   PEPSICO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

           SCHEDULE  II-VALUATION  AND  QUALIFYING  ACCOUNTS  Fiscal Years Ended
    December 26, 1998, December 27, 1997 and
                         December 28, 1996
                           (in millions)


                                        Additions 
                                  ---------------------     
                       Balance    Charged                Deduct-     Balance
                          at       to                    ions        at
                       beginning  costs and   Other      from        end
                       of year    expenses    additions  reserves    of year
                       ---------  ---------   ---------  --------    -------
                                                (1)         (2)

1998
- ----

Allowance for
 doubtful accounts     $ 125      $  47       $   8      $  53        $ 127
                       =====      =====       =====      =====        =====


Valuation allowance for
 deferred tax assets   $ 458      $ 113       $   -      $   -        $ 571
                       =====      =====       =====      =====        =====



1997
- ----

Allowance for
 doubtful accounts     $ 166      $  41       $   7      $  89        $ 125
                       =====      =====       =====      =====        =====


Valuation allowance for
 deferred tax assets   $ 435      $  47       $   -      $  24        $ 458
                       =====      =====       =====      =====        =====


1996
- ----

Allowance for
 doubtful accounts     $ 132      $  53       $   9      $  28        $ 166 
                       =====      =====       =====      =====        =====



Valuation allowance for
 deferred tax assets   $ 390      $  76       $   -      $  31        $ 435
                       =====      =====       =====      =====        =====



- -----------------------

(1) Other additions to the allowances  principally  relate to  acquisitions  and
    reclassifications.
(2) Primarily accounts written off and translation effects.
                                      F-45
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>2
<DESCRIPTION>1987 INCENTIVE PLAN
<TEXT>

                                  PEPSICO, INC.
                               1987 Incentive Plan
          (as amended and restated, effective as of September 24, 1998)


1.    Purpose.

      The  purposes  of the 1987  Incentive  Plan (the  "Plan")  are to  provide
long-term  incentives and rewards to those employees largely responsible for the
success  and  growth  of  PepsiCo,  Inc.  and  its  subsidiaries  and  divisions
("PepsiCo"),  to assist  PepsiCo in  attracting  and retaining  executives  with
experience and ability on a basis  competitive with industry  practices,  and to
associate the interests of such employees with those of PepsiCo's shareholders.

2.    Effective Date.

      The Plan shall become  effective on the date it is approved by the holders
of a majority of the Capital Stock of PepsiCo ("Capital Stock").

3.    Administration of the Plan.

      The Plan shall be administered by the Compensation  Committee of the Board
of Directors of PepsiCo (the  "Committee").  The Committee shall be appointed by
the Board of Directors  and shall  consist of three or more members of the Board
who are not  eligible to  participate  in the Plan and who have not,  within one
year prior to their appointment, participated in the Plan, any stock option plan
or the 1979 Incentive Plan of PepsiCo.

      The  Committee  shall have all the powers vested in it by the terms of the
Plan,  such  powers to  include  exclusive  authority  (within  the  limitations
described  herein) to select the employees to be granted  awards under the Plan,
to  determine  the type,  size and  terms of awards to be made to each  employee
selected,  to  determine  the time when awards will be granted and to  establish
objectives  and conditions for earning awards and whether awards will be paid at
the end of the award period.  The Committee  shall have full power and authority
to  administer  and  interpret  the Plan and to adopt such  rules,  regulations,
agreements,  guidelines and instruments for the  administration  of the Plan and
for the conduct of its business as the Committee  deems  necessary or advisable.
The  Committee's  interpretations  of  the  Plan,  and  all  actions  taken  and
determinations  made  by the  Committee  pursuant  to the  powers  vested  in it
hereunder,  shall be conclusive and binding on all parties concerned,  including
PepsiCo, its shareholders and any employee of PepsiCo.


<PAGE>

4.    Awards.

      (a) Types. Awards under the Plan may include,  but need not be limited to,
stock options, performance shares, incentive stock rights and stock appreciation
rights.  The Committee may make any other type of award which it shall determine
is consistent with the objectives and limitations of the Plan.

      (b) Guidelines. The Committee may adopt from time to time written policies
for its  implementation of the Plan. Such policies may include,  but need not be
limited to, the type,  size and term of awards to be made to eligible  employees
and the conditions for payment of such awards.

      (c) Maximum Awards.  An employee may be granted  multiple awards under the
Plan but no one employee may be granted,  in the  aggregate,  awards which would
result in his receiving more than 10% of the maximum number of shares  available
for award under the Plan.

5. Shares of Stock Subject to the Plan.

      The shares that may be  delivered  or  purchased  under the Plan shall not
exceed  an  aggregate  of  18,000,000  shares  of  Capital  Stock.  Shares to be
delivered or purchased  under the Plan may be either  shares of  authorized  but
unissued Capital Stock or treasury shares.

6.    Deferred Payments.

      The  Committee  may  determine  that all or a portion  of a  payment  to a
participant under the Plan,  whether it is to be made in cash, shares of Capital
Stock or a combination thereof,  shall be deferred.  Deferrals shall be for such
periods  and  upon  such  terms  as the  Committee  may  determine  in its  sole
discretion.

7.    Dilution and Other Adjustments.

      In the event of any change in the  outstanding  shares of Capital Stock by
reason of any split, stock dividend,  recapitalization,  merger,  consolidation,
combination  or  exchange  of shares or other  similar  corporate  change,  such
equitable adjustments shall be made in the Plan and the awards thereunder as the
Committee determines are necessary and appropriate,  including, if necessary, an
adjustment in the maximum  number or kind of shares subject to the Plan or which
may be or have  been  awarded  to any  participant.  Such  adjustment  shall  be
conclusive and binding for all purposes of the Plan.
<PAGE>

8.    Change in Control.

      At the date of a "Change in Control" (as defined  below),  all outstanding
and unvested  stock options  granted under the Plan shall  immediately  vest and
become exercisable,  and all stock options then outstanding under the Plan shall
remain  outstanding in accordance  with their terms. In the event that any stock
option granted under the Plan becomes  unexercisable during its term on or after
a Change  in  Control  because:  (i) the  individual  who holds  such  option is
involuntarily  terminated  (other than for cause) within two (2) years after the
Change in  Control;  (ii) such option is  terminated  or  adversely  modified in
connection  with or as a result  of the  Change  in  Control;  or (iii)  PepsiCo
Capital  Stock is no longer  issued and  outstanding,  or no longer  traded on a
national securities  exchange,  then the holder of such option shall immediately
be entitled to receive a lump sum cash  payment  equal to the greater of (x) the
gain on such option or (y) the Black-Scholes value of such option (as determined
by a nationally recognized  independent investment banker chosen by PepsiCo), in
either  case  calculated  on the date such  option  becomes  unexercisable.  For
purposes  of the  preceding  sentence,  the  gain on a  stock  option  shall  be
calculated  as the  difference  between the  closing  price per share of PepsiCo
Capital Stock as of the date such option becomes unexercisable less the exercise
price per share of such option.

      Any amount  required to be paid  pursuant to this  Section 8 shall be paid
within twenty (20) days after the date such amount becomes payable.

      "Change in Control" means the  occurrence of any of the following  events:
(i) acquisition of 20% or more of the outstanding  voting securities of PepsiCo,
Inc. by another  entity or group;  excluding,  however,  the  following  (A) any
acquisition by PepsiCo, Inc., or (B) any acquisition by an employee benefit plan
or related  trust  sponsored or  maintained  by PepsiCo,  Inc.;  (ii) during any
consecutive  two-year  period,  persons who constitute the Board of Directors of
PepsiCo,  Inc.  (the "Board") at the beginning of the period cease to constitute
at least 50% of the Board  (unless  the  election  of each new Board  member was
approved  by a majority  of  directors  who began the  two-year  period);  (iii)
PepsiCo,  Inc.  shareholders approve a merger or consolidation of PepsiCo,  Inc.
with another company,  and PepsiCo,  Inc. is not the surviving  company;  or, if
after such transaction,  the other entity owns,  directly or indirectly,  50% or
more of the outstanding voting securities of PepsiCo,  Inc.; (iv) PepsiCo,  Inc.
shareholders approve a plan of complete liquidation of PepsiCo, Inc. or the sale
or dispositions of all or substantially  all of PepsiCo,  Inc.'s assets;  or (v)
any other event,  circumstance,  offer or proposal  occurs or is made,  which is
intended to effect a change in the control of PepsiCo,  Inc.,  and which results
in the  occurrence of one or more of the events set forth in clauses (i) through
(iv) of this paragraph.
<PAGE>

9.    Miscellaneous Provisions.

      (a)  Misconduct.  If the  Committee  determines  that a present  or former
employee  has  (i)  used  for  profit  or  disclosed  to  unauthorized  persons,
confidential  information  or trade  secrets of PepsiCo,  or (ii)  breached  any
contract  with or violated any fiduciary  obligation  to PepsiCo,  that employee
shall forfeit all unpaid or undelivered portions of any awards under the Plan.

      (b)  Rights as  Shareholder.  A  participant  under the Plan shall have no
rights as a holder of Capital Stock with respect to awards hereunder, unless and
until certificates for shares of Capital Stock are issued to the participant.

      (c)  Assignment  or  Transfer.  No awards  under the Plan or any rights or
interests therein shall be assignable or transferable by a participant except by
will  or the  laws  of  descent  and  distribution.  During  the  lifetime  of a
participant,  awards hereunder are exercisable only by, and payable only to, the
participant.

      (d)  Agreements.  All awards  granted under the Plan shall be evidenced by
agreements  in  such  form  and  containing   such  terms  and  conditions  (not
inconsistent with the Plan) as the Committee shall adopt.

      (e) Requirements for Transfer.  No shares of Capital Stock shall be issued
or  transferred  under the Plan until all legal  requirements  applicable to the
issuance or transfer of such shares have been complied with to the  satisfaction
of the Committee.  The Committee  shall have the right to condition any issuance
of shares of  Capital  Stock  made to any  participant  upon such  participant's
written   undertaking  to  comply  with  such  restrictions  on  his  subsequent
disposition  of such shares as the Committee or PepsiCo shall deem  necessary or
advisable  as  a  result  of  any   applicable   law,   regulation  or  official
interpretation  thereof,  and  certificates  representing  such  shares  may  be
legended to reflect any such restrictions.

      (f)  Withholding  Taxes.  PepsiCo  shall have the right to deduct from all
awards  hereunder  paid in cash  any  federal,  state,  local or  foreign  taxes
required by law to be withheld  with respect to such awards and, with respect to
awards paid in stock or upon exercise of stock  options,  to require the payment
(through  withholding  from the  participant's  salary or otherwise) of any such
taxes.  The  obligation of PepsiCo to make delivery of awards in cash or Capital
Stock  shall be  subject  to  currency  or  other  restrictions  imposed  by any
government.

      (g) No Rights to Awards.  No employee or other person shall have any claim
or right to be granted an award under the Plan.  Neither the Plan nor any 
<PAGE>

action taken hereunder shall be construed as giving any employee any right to be
retained in the employ of PepsiCo.

      (h) Costs and Expenses.  The cost and expenses of  administering  the Plan
shall be borne by  PepsiCo  and not  charged  to any award  nor to any  employee
receiving an award.

      (i)  Funding of Plan.  The Plan shall be  unfunded.  PepsiCo  shall not be
required  to  establish  any  special  or  separate  fund or to make  any  other
segregation of assets to assure the payment of any award under the Plan.

10.    Amendments and Termination.

      (a)  Amendments.  The Committee may at any time  terminate or from time to
time  amend the Plan in whole or in part,  but no such  action  shall  adversely
affect any rights or  obligations  with respect to any awards  theretofore  made
under the Plan.

      Unless the  holders of at least a majority  of the  outstanding  shares of
Capital Stock of PepsiCo shall have first approved thereof,  no amendment of the
Plan shall be effective  which would increase the maximum number of shares which
may be delivered  under the Plan or to any one  individual or extend the maximum
period during which awards may be granted under the Plan.

      With the  consent  of the  employee  affected,  the  Committee  may  amend
outstanding  agreements  evidencing  awards  under  the  Plan  in a  manner  not
inconsistent with the terms of the Plan.

      (b) Termination. No awards shall be made under the Plan after December 31,
1997.


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.6
<SEQUENCE>3
<DESCRIPTION>1994 LTIP
<TEXT>

                                  PEPSICO, INC.
                          1994 Long-Term Incentive Plan
           (as amended and restated, effective, September 24, 1998)
                   


1.    Purpose.

      The  purposes of the 1994  Long-Term  Incentive  Plan (the  "Plan") are to
provide  long-term  incentives to those persons with significant  responsibility
for the success and growth of PepsiCo, Inc. and its subsidiaries,  divisions and
affiliated businesses ("PepsiCo"), to assist PepsiCo in attracting and retaining
key  employees on a  competitive  basis,  and to associate the interests of such
employees with those of PepsiCo's shareholders.

2.    Administration of the Plan.

      The Plan shall be administered by the Compensation  Committee of the Board
of Directors of PepsiCo (the  "Committee").  The Committee shall be appointed by
the Board of Directors and shall  consist of two or more outside,  disinterested
members of the Board.

      The  Committee  shall have all the powers vested in it by the terms of the
Plan, such powers to include authority (within the limitations described herein)
to select the persons to be granted  awards  under the Plan,  to  determine  the
type,  size  and  terms  of  awards  to be made to each  employee  selected,  to
determine the time when awards will be granted and any conditions  which must be
satisfied by employees  before an award is made,  to  establish  objectives  and
conditions for earning  awards,  to determine  whether such conditions have been
met and whether awards will be paid at the end of the award period,  or when the
award is exercised, or deferred, to determine whether payment of an award should
be reduced or eliminated,  and to determine  whether such awards should qualify,
regardless of their amount,  as deductible in their  entirety for federal income
tax purposes.

      The  Committee  shall  have full power and  authority  to  administer  and
interpret the Plan and to adopt such rules, regulations,  agreements, guidelines
and  instruments for the  administration  of the Plan and for the conduct of its
businesses  the  Committee  deems   necessary  or  advisable.   The  Committee's
interpretations  of the Plan, and all actions taken and  determinations  made by
the Committee pursuant to the powers vested in it hereunder, shall be conclusive
and binding on all parties concerned,  including  PepsiCo,  its shareholders and
any person receiving an award under the Plan.
<PAGE>

3.    Eligibility.

      Key employees of PepsiCo and its  divisions,  subsidiaries  and affiliates
are eligible to be granted awards under the Plan.  Executives of PepsiCo and its
subsidiaries  and  divisions  shall  be  granted  awards  of stock  options  and
performance  units and may,  in the  Committee's  discretion,  be granted  other
awards  available  under the Plan. The Committee,  in its  discretion,  may also
grant  awards  under the Plan to other  employees  of  PepsiCo,  its  divisions,
subsidiaries  and  affiliates who are in a position to contribute to the success
of PepsiCo.  Notwithstanding the foregoing,  incentive stock options may only be
granted to employees of PepsiCo or its divisions and subsidiaries.

4.    Awards.

      (a) Types. Awards under the Plan include stock options, performance units,
incentive stock options, stock appreciation rights and restricted stock.

      (i) Stock Options.  Stock options are rights to purchase shares of PepsiCo
Capital Stock ("Capital Stock") at a fixed price for a specified period of time.
The purchase  price per share of Capital Stock covered by a stock option awarded
pursuant to this Plan, including any incentive stock options,  shall be equal to
or greater than the fair market value of a share of PepsiCo Capital Stock on the
date the stock option is awarded.

      (ii) Performance Units. Performance units are rights to receive up to 100%
of the value of shares of Capital Stock as of the date of grant, which value may
be paid in cash or Capital Stock, without payment of any amounts to PepsiCo. The
full and/or partial  payment of performance  unit awards granted under this Plan
will be made only upon  certification  by the  Committee  of the  attainment  by
PepsiCo,  over a four year period, of earnings per share targets which have been
established  by the Committee.  No payment will be made if the minimum  earnings
per share target is not met. The established earnings per share targets will not
be amended without shareholder approval.

      (iii) Stock Appreciation  Rights.  Stock appreciation rights are rights to
receive  the  difference  between  the fair  market  value of a share of PepsiCo
Capital  Stock on the grant date and the fair market value of a share of Capital
Stock on the date the stock appreciation right is granted.

      (iv) Restricted  Stock.  The full and/or partial vesting of any restricted
stock award made under this Plan will occur only upon the  attainment by PepsiCo
of primary and secondary  targets  established  by the Committee at the time the
award is made. These targets may include one or more of the 
<PAGE>

following:  corporate earnings, return on investment,  total shareholder return,
division profits, market value added or economic value added.

     (v) Variable Awards. Variable awards are rights to receive grants of either
cash payments or stock options based upon the  performance  of PepsiCo  business
units during a three-year  performance  period.  The election to receive cash or
stock  options is made by the  participant  at the  beginning of the  three-year
performance period.

      (b)  Supplemental  Awards.  Participants  who are newly  hired or promoted
during the vesting period for stock options or during the first two years of the
award period for performance units will be granted  supplemental pro rata grants
of stock options and performance units.

      (c) Negative Discretion.  Notwithstanding the attainment by PepsiCo of any
target  specified  under  this  Plan,  the  Committee  has  the  discretion,  by
participant, to reduce some or all of an award that would otherwise by paid.

      (d)  Guidelines.  The  Committee  shall  adopt  from time to time  written
policies for its  implementation  of the Plan. Such policies shall be consistent
with the Plan and may  include,  but need not be limited to, the type,  size and
term of awards to be made, and the conditions for payment of such awards.

      (e) Maximum Awards.  An employee may be granted  multiple awards under the
Plan but no one employee may be granted,  in the  aggregate,  awards which would
result in his receiving, in the aggregate during the term of the Plan, more than
10% of the maximum number of shares  available for award under the Plan.  Solely
for the purposes of determining  whether this maximum is met, a performance unit
shall be treated as entitling the holder thereof to one share of PepsiCo Capital
Stock.

5. Shares of Stock Subject to the Plan.

      The shares that may be  delivered  or  purchased  under the Plan shall not
exceed an aggregate  of  75,000,000  shares of Capital  Stock,  as adjusted,  if
appropriate, pursuant to Section 7 hereof.

6.    Deferred Payments.

      The  Committee  may  determine  that all or a portion  of a  payment  to a
participant under the Plan,  whether it is to be made in cash, shares of Capital
Stock or a combination thereof,  shall be deferred.  Deferrals shall be for such
periods  and  upon  such  terms  as the  Committee  may  determine  in its  sole
discretion.
<PAGE>

7.    Dilution and Other Adjustments.

      In the event of any change in the  outstanding  shares of Capital Stock by
reason of any split, stock dividend,  recapitalization,  merger,  consolidation,
combination  or  exchange  of shares or other  similar  corporate  change,  such
equitable adjustments shall be made in the Plan and the awards thereunder as the
Committee determines are necessary and appropriate,  including, if necessary, an
adjustment in the maximum  number or kind of shares subject to the Plan or which
may be or have  been  awarded  to any  participant.  Such  adjustment  shall  be
conclusive and binding for all purposes of the Plan.

8.    Change in Control.

     Upon a "Change in Control" (as defined below), the following shall occur:

     (a) Options.  At the date of such Change in Control,  all  outstanding  and
unvested stock options granted under the Plan shall  immediately vest and become
exercisable,  and all stock options then outstanding under the Plan shall remain
outstanding in accordance  with their terms.  In the event that any stock option
granted  under  the Plan  becomes  unexercisable  during  its term on or after a
Change  in  Control  because:  (i) the  individual  who  holds  such  option  is
involuntarily  terminated  (other than for cause) within two (2) years after the
Change in  Control;  (ii) such option is  terminated  or  adversely  modified in
connection  with or as a result  of the  Change  in  Control;  or (iii)  PepsiCo
Capital  Stock is no longer  issued and  outstanding,  or no longer  traded on a
national securities  exchange,  then the holder of such option shall immediately
be entitled to receive a lump sum cash  payment  equal to the greater of (x) the
gain on such option or (y) the Black-Scholes value of such option (as determined
by a nationally recognized  independent investment banker chosen by PepsiCo), in
either  case  calculated  on the date such  option  becomes  unexercisable.  For
purposes  of the  preceding  sentence,  the  gain on a  stock  option  shall  be
calculated  as the  difference  between the  closing  price per share of PepsiCo
Capital Stock as of the date such option becomes unexercisable less the exercise
price per share of such option.

     (b) Variable  Awards.  Each  variable  award granted under the Plan that is
outstanding on the date of the Change in Control shall immediately vest, and the
holder of such award shall be entitled to a lump sum cash payment  equal to 100%
of the amount of such award payable at the end of the  performance  period as if
100% of the performance objectives have been achieved.

     (c) Performance  Shares. Each performance share granted under the Plan that
is outstanding on the date of the Change in Control shall  immediately vest, and
the  holder  of such  performance  share  shall be  entitled  to a 
<PAGE>

lump sum cash  payment  equal to the amount of such award  payable at the end of
the  performance  period  as if 100% of the  performance  objectives  have  been
achieved.

     Any amount  required to be paid  pursuant  to this  Section 8 shall be paid
within twenty (20) days after the date such amount becomes payable.

"Change in Control"  means the  occurrence of any of the following  events:  (i)
acquisition of 20% or more of the outstanding voting securities of PepsiCo, Inc.
by  another  entity  or  group;  excluding,   however,  the  following  (A)  any
acquisition by PepsiCo, Inc., or (B) any acquisition by an employee benefit plan
or related  trust  sponsored or  maintained  by PepsiCo,  Inc.;  (ii) during any
consecutive  two-year  period,  persons who constitute the Board of Directors of
PepsiCo,  Inc.  (the "Board") at the beginning of the period cease to constitute
at least 50% of the Board  (unless  the  election  of each new Board  member was
approved  by a majority  of  directors  who began the  two-year  period);  (iii)
PepsiCo,  Inc.  shareholders approve a merger or consolidation of PepsiCo,  Inc.
with another company,  and PepsiCo,  Inc. is not the surviving  company;  or, if
after such transaction,  the other entity owns,  directly or indirectly,  50% or
more of the outstanding voting securities of PepsiCo,  Inc.; (iv) PepsiCo,  Inc.
shareholders approve a plan of complete liquidation of PepsiCo, Inc. or the sale
or dispositions of all or substantially  all of PepsiCo,  Inc.'s assets;  or (v)
any other event,  circumstance,  offer or proposal  occurs or is made,  which is
intended to effect a change in the control of PepsiCo,  Inc.,  and which results
in the  occurrence of one or more of the events set forth in clauses (i) through
(iv) of this paragraph.

9.    Miscellaneous Provisions.

      (a)  Misconduct.  If the  Committee  determines  that a present  or former
employee  has  (i)  used  for  profit  or  disclosed  to  unauthorized  persons,
confidential  information  or trade  secrets of PepsiCo,  or (ii)  breached  any
contract  with or violated any fiduciary  obligation  to PepsiCo,  that employee
shall forfeit his or her awards under the Plan.

      (b) Rights as Shareholder.  A participant in the Plan shall have no rights
as a holder of Capital Stock with respect to awards hereunder,  unless and until
certificates for shares of Capital Stock are issued to the participant.

      (c)  Assignment  or  Transfer.  Unless the  Committee  shall  specifically
determine otherwise,  no award under the Plan or any rights or interests therein
shall be assignable or transferable by a participant  except by will or the laws
of descent and distribution.
<PAGE>

      (d)  Agreements.  All awards  granted under the Plan shall be evidenced by
agreements  in  such  form  and  containing   such  terms  and  conditions  (not
inconsistent with the Plan) as the Committee shall approve.

      (e) Requirements  for Transfer.  No share of Capital Stock shall be issued
or  transferred  under the Plan until all legal  requirements  applicable to the
issuance or transfer of such shares have been complied with to the  satisfaction
of the Committee.  The Committee  shall have the right to condition any issuance
of shares of  Capital  Stock  made to any  participant  upon such  participant's
written   undertaking  to  comply  with  such  restrictions  on  his  subsequent
disposition  of such shares as the Committee or PepsiCo shall deem  necessary or
advisable  as  a  result  of  any   applicable   law,   regulation  or  official
interpretation  thereof,  and  certificates  representing  such  shares  may  be
legended to reflect any such restrictions.

      (f)  Withholding  Taxes.  PepsiCo  shall have the right to deduct from all
awards  hereunder  paid in cash  any  federal,  state,  local or  foreign  taxes
required by law to be withheld  with respect to such awards and, with respect to
awards paid in stock or upon exercise of stock  options,  to require the payment
(through  withholding  from the  participant's  salary or otherwise) of any such
taxes.  The obligations of PepsiCo to make delivery of awards in cash or Capital
Stock  shall be  subject  to  currency  or  other  restrictions  imposed  by any
government.

      (g) No Rights to Awards.  Except as set forth herein, no employee or other
person  shall  have any claim or right to be  granted  an award  under the Plan.
Neither the Plan nor any action taken hereunder shall be construed as giving any
employee  any  right to be  retained  in the  employ  of  PepsiCo  or any of its
subsidiaries, divisions or affiliates.

      (h) Costs and Expenses.  The cost and expenses of  administering  the Plan
shall be borne by  PepsiCo  and not  charged  to any award  nor to any  employee
receiving an award.

      (i)  Funding of Plan.  The Plan shall be  unfunded.  PepsiCo  shall not be
required  to  establish  any  special  or  separate  fund or to make  any  other
segregation of assets to assure the payment of any award under the Plan.

10.    Effective Date, Amendments and Termination.

     (a)  Effective  Date.  The Plan shall  become  effective  on the date it is
approved by PepsiCo's shareholders.

      (b)  Amendments.  The Committee may at any time  terminate or from time to
time  amend the Plan in whole or in part,  but no such  action  shall
<PAGE>

adversely   affect  any  rights  or  obligations  with  respect  to  any  awards
theretofore made under the Plan.

      Unless the shareholders of PepsiCo shall have first approved  thereof,  no
amendment of the Plan shall be effective which would increase the maximum number
of shares of PepsiCo  Capital Stock which may be delivered  under the Plan or to
any one  individual,  except to the extent such  amendment  is made  pursuant to
Section 7 hereof,  extend the maximum  period during which awards may be granted
under the Plan,  change the performance goal pursuant to which performance units
are earned,  or modify the  requirements as to eligibility for  participation in
the Plan.

      With the  consent  of the  employee  affected,  the  Committee  may  amend
outstanding  agreements  evidencing  awards  under  the  Plan  in a  manner  not
inconsistent with the terms of the Plan.

      (c) Termination. No awards of stock options,  performance units, incentive
stock  options or stock  appreciation  rights shall be made under the Plan after
December 31, 2004.  No awards of  restricted  stock shall be made under the Plan
after May 1, 1999.


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-12
<SEQUENCE>4
<DESCRIPTION>RATIO OF EARNING TO FIXED CHARGES
<TEXT>

                                                                      EXHIBIT 12

                         PEPSICO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

              COMPUTATION  OF RATIO OF  EARNINGS  TO FIXED  CHARGES  Years Ended
     December 26, 1998, December 27, 1997, December 28, 1996,
                   December 30, 1995 and December 31, 1994
                      (in millions except ratio amounts)

                             52 Weeks  52 Weeks  52 Weeks   52 Weeks 53 Weeks
                               1998      1997      1996       1995     1994

Earnings:

Income from continuing
 operations before income
  taxes and cumulative
   effect of accounting
    changes ..............   $2,263    $2,309    $1,566     $2,091   $1,991

Unconsolidated affiliates
 interests, net ..........       32        17       273         26      (12)

Amortization of
 capitalized interest.....        5         6         4          6        5

Interest expense .........      395       478       565        629      596

Interest portion of net
 rent expense (a).........       46        43        48         41       38
                             ------    ------    ------     ------   ------

Earnings available for
 fixed charges............   $2,741    $2,853    $2,456     $2,793   $2,618


Fixed Charges:

Interest expense .........   $  395    $  478    $  565     $  629   $  596

Capitalized interest......       10        18         8         10        5

Interest portion of net
 rent expense (a).........       46        43        48         41       38
                             ------    ------    ------     ------   ------

   Total fixed charges....   $  451    $  539    $  621     $  680   $  639
                             ======    ======    ======     ======   ======

Ratio of Earnings
 to Fixed Charges(b)......     6.08      5.29      3.95       4.11     4.10
                             ======    ======    ======     ======   ======

(a)   One-third of net rent expense is the portion deemed  representative of the
      interest factor.
(b)   Includes the impact of unusual items of $288,  $290, $576 and $66 in 1998,
      1997, 1996 and 1995,  respectively  (see Note 3). Excluding those charges,
      the ratio of earnings to fixed charges for 1998, 1997, 1996 and 1995 would
      have been 6.72, 5.83, 4.88 and 4.20, respectively.



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-21
<SEQUENCE>5
<DESCRIPTION>LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES
<TEXT>

SUBSIDIARIES OF PEPSICO, INC. AS OF 12/26/98

                                                              JURISDICTION OF
COMPANY NAME                                                  INCORPORATION
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------

3018525 Nova Scotia ULC                                       Canada
ABA Europe NV                                                 Belgium
ABC Dispensing Technologies, Inc.                             Florida
Administracion y Asesoria Metropolitana SA de CV              Mexico
Agral Arrendadora, S.A. de C.V.                               Mexico
Agral Comisionista y Distribuidora, S.A. de C.V.              Mexico
Agral Inmobiliaria, S.A. de C.V.                              Mexico
Ahmedabad Advertising and Marketing Consultants Ltd.          India
Ainwick Corporation                                           Oregon
Alimentos Barcel Chile S.R.L.                                 Chile
Alimentos del Istmo S.A.                                      Panama
Alkan Bugshan                                                 Egypt
Alliance Canners                                              Canada
Allied Acquisition Company of Delaware, Inc.                  Delaware
Alpac Corporation                                             Washington
Anderson Hill Insurance Limited                               Bermuda
Angkor Beverages Company Ltd.                                 Cambodia
Anshan Pepsi-Cola Beverage Company Ltd.                       China
Aradhana Beverages & Foods Company Limited                    India
Aradhana Snack Food Company                                   India
Aradhana Soft Drinks Company                                  India
Arrobi, S.L.                                                  Spain
Asian Trade Limited                                           Delaware
Atlantic Holding Company                                      California
Atlantic Soft Drink Company Of Knoxville                      Tennessee
Atlantic Soft Drink Company, Inc.                             South Carolina
Aydecar, S.A.                                                 Argentina
B&H Project, Inc.                                             Florida
BAESA Capital Company                                         Cayman Islands
Beaman Bottling Company                                       Delaware
Beaman Bottling Company- Netherland Antilles                  Neth. Antilles
Bebidas Purificadas de Durango, S.A. de C.V.                  Mexico
Bebidas Purificadas De La Frontera, S.A.                      Mexico
Bebidas Purificadas de Michoacan S.A. de C.V.                 Mexico
Bebidas Purificadas de Occidente, S.A. de C.V.                Mexico
Bebidas Purificadas de Quintana Roo, SA de CV                 Mexico
Bebidas Purificadas de Zacatecas, S.A. de C.V.                Mexico
Bebidas Purificadas del Centro, S.A. de C.V.                  Mexico
Bebidas Purificadas del Cupatitzio, S.A. de C.V.              Mexico
Bebidas Purificadas del Golfo SA de CV                        Mexico
Bebidas Purificadas Del Norte, S.A. De C.V.                   Mexico
Bebidas Purificadas del Sureste, Sa de CV                     Mexico
Bebidas Purificados de Acapulco, SA de CV                     Mexico
Beijing Pepsi-Cola Beverage Company Ltd.                      China
Belfast Bottling Co. Of Reno                                  Nevada
Bell Taco Funding Syndicate                                   Australia
Belpak                                                        Belurussia
Beverage Products Corporation                                 Oklahoma
Beverage Services Ltd.                                        Bermuda
Beverage Services, Inc.                                       Delaware
Beverages, Foods & Service Industries, Inc.                   Delaware
Bienes Raices Metropolitanos, SA de CV                        Mexico
Blanchard, S.A.                                               France
Boquitas Fiestas LLC                                          US-Delaware
Boquitas Fiestas, S.A. de C.V.                                Honduras
Border Properties, Inc.                                       New York
Bottling Investment Chile                                     Bahamas
Bramshaw Limited                                              Ireland
Britvic Holdings Limited                                      United Kingdom
Britvic Soft Drinks Limited                                   United Kingdom
Buenos Aires Embotelladora S.A.                               Argentina
BUG de Mexico, S.A. de C.V.                                   Mexico
C & I Leasing, Inc.                                           Maryland
Capital Mineral Water and Refreshment Corp (FAURT)            Hungary
Capital Services Associates N.V.                              Neth. Antilles
Cawston Vale Limited (UK)                                     United Kingdom
Central de La Industria Escorpion, SA de CV                   Mexico
Centran, Inc.                                                 Pennsylvania
Centro-Mediterranea De Bebidas Carbonicas PepsiCo, S.Com.p.A  Spain
Changchun Pepsi-Cola Beverage Company                         China
Chipima, Sociedade De Productos Alimentares, SA               Portugal
Chips - Produtos Alimenticios Ltda.                           Brazil
Chitos International  y Cia Ltd.                              Guatemala
Chongqing Hua Mei Food & Beverage Company Limited             China
Chongqing Tianfu-Pepsi Beverage Co. Ltd.                      China
Chongqing Tianfu Yulong Foodstuff and Beverage Company        China
Chupa Chups Comercial de Mexico, S.A. de C.V.                 Mexico
CMC Investment Company                                        Bermuda
Comercializadora de Bebidas y Refrescos del Vallede Tolu      Mexico
Comercio Integral Mexicano, SA de CV                          Mexico
Comm. Jacks                                                   Venezuela
Comm. National Ltda                                           Colombia
Compania de Bebidas PepsiCo, S.A.                             Spain
Compania Embotelladora Argentina, S.A.I.C.                    Argentina
Compania Embotelladora Nacional, S.A. De C.V.                 Mexico
Constar Ambalaj Sanayi Ve Ticaret AS                          Turkey
Copella Fruit Juices Ltd. (UK)                                United Kingdom
Copper Beach LLC                                              US-Delaware
Core, Comisiones y Representaciones, S.A. de C.V.             Mexico
Corina Snacks                                                 Cyprus
Corporacion 567 FCK S.R.L.                                    Venezuela
Corporativo International S.A. de C.V.                        Mexico
Crispflow Limited                                             United Kingdom
Davlyn Realty Corporation                                     Delaware
Decoracao Vitrea, S.A.I.C.                                    Brazil
Delicja Sp. z o.o.                                            Poland
Desarrollo Inmobiliario Gamesa, S.A. de C.V.                  Mexico
Distribuidora de Aguas Envasadas DEK, SA de CV                Mexico
Distribuidora de Agus, Refrescos y Bebidas Purificadas S.     Mexico
Distribuidora De Bebidas Palegre Ltda.                        Brazil
Distribuidora Disa de Michoacan S.A. de C.V.                  Mexico
Distribuidora Disa de Uruapan, S.A. de C.V.                   Mexico
Distribuidora Disa del Centro, S.A. de C.V.                   Mexico
Distribuidora Garci-Crespo Sa de CV                           Mexico
Distribuidora Interestatal, S.A. de C.V.                      Mexico
Distribuidora Mezgo del Potosi, S.A. de C.V.                  Mexico
Distribuidora Savoy Guatemala S.A.                            Guatemala
Domaine De Carquefou SCI                                      France
Dornfell                                                      Ireland
D'ORO - Sociedade de Productos Alimentares, S.A.              Portugal
Dr Pepper Bottling Co. Of San Francisco                       California
Dulsa S.R.L., C.V.                                            Mexico
Duo Beverages Huizhou Co. Ltd.                                China
Duo Juice Company                                             Delaware
Duo Juice Company BV                                          Netherlands
E.  Wedel S.A.                                                Poland
Earthposed Limited (UK)                                       United Kingdom
Ecudal S. A.                                                  Ecuador
EGEA Hermanos S.A.                                            Argentina
EIEIO Beverage Company                                        Delaware
Electropura, SA de CV                                         Mexico
Embosur S.A.                                                  Argentina
Embotellador Garci-Crespo, SA de CV                           Mexico
Embotelladora 9 de Julio SACIF                                Argentina
Embotelladora Agral de la Laguna, S.A. de C.V.                Mexico
Embotelladora Agral Regiomontana, S.A. de C.V.                Mexico
Embotelladora Buen Agua, S.A. de C.V.                         Mexico
Embotelladora Campechana, Sa de CV                            Mexico
Embotelladora Centroamerica S.A.                              Costa Rica
Embotelladora Chile S.A.                                      Chile
Embotelladora de Occidente S.A. de C.V.                       Mexico
Embotelladora de Refrescos Mexicanos S.A. de C.V.             Mexico
Embotelladora Del Bravo, S.A. De C.V.                         Mexico
Embotelladora Del Uruguay, S.A.                               Uruguay
Embotelladora Metropolitana, SA de CV                         Mexico
Embotelladora Moderna, S.A. de C.V.                           Mexico
Embotelladora Potosi, S.A. de C.V.                            Mexico
Embotelladora San Marcos, S.A. De C.V.                        Mexico
Embotelladora Santa Catarina, S.A. de C.V.                    Mexico
Embotelladores Mexicanos de Pepsi-Cola S.A. de C.V.           Mexico
Empaques Constar, SA de CV                                    Mexico
Empaques Sewell, SA de CV                                     Mexico
Empresas Gamesa, S.A. de C.V.                                 Mexico
Encorp Atlantic, Inc.                                         Canada
Equipos para Embotelladoras y Cervecerias, S.A. de C.V.       Mexico
Equipos Y Deportes Exclusivos, S.A. De C.V.                   Mexico
Equity Beverage, Inc.                                         Delaware
Esteemview Limited                                            United Kingdom
Evercrisp Snack Productos de Chile S.A.                       Chile
Export Development Corp.                                      Delaware
Fabrica de Productos Alimenticios Rene y Compania SCA         Guatemala
Fabrica de Productos Alimenticios Ruiz S.A.                   Chile
Fabrica de Productos Rene LLC                                 Delaware
Farm Produce Pty. Ltd.                                        Australia
Finanzas Corporativas, S.A. de C.V.                           Mexico
Finvmex, S.A. de C.V.                                         Mexico
Fl Holding, Inc.                                              Delaware
FLI Andean LLC                                                Delaware
FLI Colombia, LLC                                             Delaware
Florida Boy International                                     Germany
FLRC, Inc.                                                    California
Fomentadora Urbana del Sureste, SA de CV                      Mexico
Fomentadora Urbana Metroplitana, SA de CV                     Mexico
Frito-Lay Colombia Ltda.                                      Colombia
Frito-Lay Distribution                                        Russia
Frito-Lay Dominicana S.A.                                     Dominican Republic
Frito-Lay Ecuador Cia Ltda.                                   Ecuador
Frito-Lay Finance SARL                                        France
Frito-Lay Foods Limited                                       United Kingdom
Frito-Lay France SA                                           France
Frito-Lay Holdings Limited                                    United Kingdom
Frito-Lay India                                               India
Frito-Lay Manufacturing                                       Russia
Frito-Lay Peru, S. de R.L.                                    Peru
Frito-Lay Poland Sp.zo.o.                                     Poland
Frito-Lay Trading Company (Europe) Gmbh                       Switzerland
Frito-Lay Trading Company Gmbh                                Switzerland
Frito-Lay Venezuela S.A.                                      Venezuela
Frito-Lay, Inc.                                               Delaware
Fruko Mesrubat Sanayi A.S.                                    Turkey
Fuzhou Pepsi-Cola Beverage Company Limited                    China
Galletas y Pastas Tepeyac                                     Mexico
Galletera Palma                                               Mexico
Gamble, Inc.                                                  Oregon
Gamesa, S.A. de C.V.                                          Mexico
General Cinema Beverages Of North Florida, Inc.               Delaware
General Cinema Beverages Of Virginia, Inc.                    Delaware
General Cinema Beverages Of Washington, D.C., Inc.            Delaware
General Cinema Beverages, Inc.                                Delaware
Granja Buenagua, SA de  CV                                    Mexico
Gray Beverage, Inc.                                           Canada
Green Hemlock LLC                                             Delaware
Greenville Holding Corp.                                      New Jersey
Grupo Embotellador de Mexico, SA de CV                        Mexico
Grupo Gamesa, S.A. de C.V.                                    Mexico
Grupo Seser, SA de CV                                         Mexico
Guangzhou Flavours Development Corporation                    China
Guangzhou Hua Chang Toy Co. Ltd.                              China
Guangzhou Pepsi-Cola Beverage Co. Ltd.                        China
Guangzhou Tropicana Beverages Co., Ltd.                       China
Guilin Pepsi-Cola Beverage Company, Ltd.                      China
Gujarat Bottling Company                                      India
Harinera Monterrey, S.A. de C.V.                              Mexico
Hennika Limited                                               Ireland
Hillbrook Insurance Company, Inc.                             Vermont
Holland Snack S.A. de C.V.                                    Mexico
Homefinding Company of Texas                                  Texas
Hostess-FL NRO Ltd.                                           Canada
Impulse Action Ltd.                                           United Kingdom
Industria de Refrescos de Acapulco                            Mexico
Industria de Refrescos, SA de CV                              Mexico
Inmobiliaria Guesa S.A. de C.V.                               Mexico
Inmobiliaria Interamericana, S.A. De C.V.                     Mexico
Inmobiliaria La Bufa, S.A. de C.V.                            Mexico
Inmobiliaria La Cantera, SA de CV                             Mexico
Inmobiliaria Los Gallos                                       Mexico
Inmobiliaria Operativa, SA de CV                              Mexico
Integrated Beverage Services (Bangladesh) Ltd.                Bangladesh
Integrated Beverage Services(Nigeria) Ltd.                    Nigeria
International Beverage Company                                Vietnam
International Bottlers Almaty Ltd                             Russia
International Bottlers LLC                                    Delaware
International Bottlers Management Co. KT                      Russia
International Bottlers Management Company LLC                 Utah
International Kas AG                                          Liechtenstein
Inversiones Alnaca, S.R.L.                                    Venezuela
Inversiones PFI Chile Limitada                                Chile
Inversiones Punch Ltda                                        Chile
Inversiones Santa Coloma S.A. (Colombia)                      Colombia
Inversiones Santa Coloma S.A.(Venezuela)                      Venezuela
Inversiones Savoy Argentina S.A.                              Argentina
Japan Frito-Lay Ltd.                                          Japan
Jedyna Sp. z o.o.                                             Poland
JFS Enterprises, Inc.                                         Florida
Jinan Pepsi-Cola Beverage Co. Ltd.                            China
Jordan Ice & Airated Water Ltd.                               Jordan
Juice Bowl Products, Inc.                                     Florida
Jungla Mar del Sur (Costa Rica)                               Costa Rica
Kas S.L.                                                      Spain
Kawthar E Murada Italia S.R.L.                                Italy
Kentucky Fried Chicken Nederland, B.V.                        Netherlands
KFC Canada (NRO) Ltd.                                         Canada
Kirin-Tropicana, Inc.                                         Japan
Kyle Receivables Ltd.                                         Ireland
L-P Investment LLC                                            Delaware
Latin American Holdings Ltd.                                  Cayman Islands
Latin Foods LLC                                               Delaware
Latvia Snacks Ltd.                                            Latvia
Laurel Group Limited                                          Pennsylvania
L'Igloo, S.A.                                                 France
Lithuanian Snacks Ltd.                                        Lithuania
Long Bay, Inc.                                                Delaware
Looza (UK) (Belgium)                                          United Kingdom
Looza Distribution France                                     France
Looza NV                                                      Belgium
Mann Bottling Company, Inc.                                   US-Idaho
Matutano, S.A.                                                Portugal
Maxwell House Beverage Co.                                    China
MBA Western Co.                                               Delaware
Mexhut, Inc.                                                  Delaware
Mexican Trust Company                                         Mexico
Mexichip, Inc.                                                Delaware
Mexsport, Inc.                                                Delaware
Midland Bottling Co.                                          Delaware
Nanchang Pepsi-Cola Beverage Company Ltd.                     China
Nasser                                                        Ireland
National Beverages, Inc.                                      Florida
New Age Beverages Investments Limited                         South Africa
New Age Beverages Ltd                                         South Africa
New Century Beverage Company                                  California
New Generation Beverages Pty. Ltd.                            Australia
Norhurst Limited                                              Ireland
North Pacific Territories Holding Company                     Washington
Nueva Santa Cecilia S.A. de C.V.                              Mexico
Ole Springs                                                   Sri Lanka
Opco Holding, Inc.                                            Delaware
Orion Frito-Lay Corporation                                   Korea
P & I Holding S. A.                                           Panama
P.C. Portugal (Portugal)                                      Spain
P.T. Indofood Frito-Lay Corp.                                 Indonesia
P.T. Pepsi-Cola IndoBeverage                                  Indonesia
Pagam Corporation                                             Delaware
Panagarh Marketing Company Limited                            India
Panimex, Inc.                                                 Mauritius
Papas Chips                                                   Uruguay
Pasteleria Vienesa, C.A.                                      Venezuela
PBG Spirituosen Holdings, LLC                                 Delaware
PCE Bebidas Ltda                                              Brazil
PCI Bahamas Investment Co.                                    Delaware
PCIL USA Indonesia                                            Indonesia
PEI e Companhia                                               Portugal
PEI N.V.                                                      Neth. Antilles
Peninsular Beverage Service Sdn. Bhd.                         Malaysia
Pepsi-Asia Beverage Co. Ltd.                                  China
Pepsi-BeiBing Yang Beverage Co. Ltd.                          China
Pepsi-Cola (Bahamas) Bottling Company                         Bahamas
Pepsi-Cola (Bermuda) Limited                                  Bermuda
Pepsi-Cola (Pakistan) Inc.                                    Delaware
Pepsi-Cola (Thai) Trading Company Limited                     Thailand
Pepsi-Cola 7-Up Bottlers (NZ) Limited                         New Zealand
Pepsi-Cola A/O                                                Russia
Pepsi-Cola Allied Bottlers, Inc.                              Delaware
Pepsi-Cola Argentina S.A.C.I.                                 Argentina
Pepsi-Cola Belgium S.A.                                       Belgium
Pepsi-Cola Bottlers Australia                                 Australia
Pepsi-Cola Bottlers Holding, C.V.                             Netherlands
Pepsi-Cola Bottlers New Zealand                               New Zealand
Pepsi-Cola Bottling Co. of Bend                               Oregon
Pepsi-Cola Bottling Co. of Los Angeles                        California
Pepsi-Cola Bottling Company Of Alaska, Inc.                   Alaska
Pepsi-Cola Bottling Company Of Bloomington, Inc.              Delaware
Pepsi-Cola Bottling Company Of Everett, Inc.                  Washington
Pepsi-Cola Bottling Company of Ohio, Inc.                     Delaware
Pepsi-Cola Bottling Company Of St. Louis, Inc.                Missouri
Pepsi-Cola Bottling Finance BV                                Netherlands
Pepsi-Cola Bottling Global BV                                 Netherlands
Pepsi-Cola Bottling International Inc.                        Nevada
Pepsi-Cola Bottling Of Northern California                    California
Pepsi-Cola Bottling of Roseburg                               Oregon
Pepsi-Cola Canada (NRO) Ltd.                                  Canada
Pepsi-Cola Canada Beverages (West)                            Canada
Pepsi-Cola Canada Ltd.                                        Canada
Pepsi-Cola Chile Consultores Limitada                         Chile
Pepsi-Cola Commodities, Inc.                                  Delaware
Pepsi-Cola Company                                            Delaware
Pepsi-Cola CR SPOL SRO                                        Czech Republic
Pepsi-Cola De Espana, S.L.                                    Spain
Pepsi-Cola De France S.A.R.L.                                 France
Pepsi-Cola East Africa Ltd.                                   United Kingdom
Pepsi-Cola Engarrafadora Ltda                                 Brazil
Pepsi-Cola Equipment Corp.                                    New York
Pepsi-Cola Far East Trade Development Co., Inc.               Philippines
Pepsi-Cola France SNC                                         France
Pepsi-Cola General Bottlers, Inc.                             Delaware
Pepsi-Cola Gesellschaft M.B.H.                                Austria
Pepsi-Cola Gmbh, Offenbach, Commercial Register Hrb 2124      Germany
Pepsi-Cola India Marketing Company                            India
Pepsi-Cola Industrial Da Amazonia Ltda.                       Brazil
Pepsi-Cola Interamericana de Guatemala S.A.                   Guatemala
Pepsi-Cola International (Cyprus) Limited                     Cyprus
Pepsi-Cola International (PVT) Limited                        Pakistan
Pepsi-Cola International Limited                              Bermuda
Pepsi-Cola International Limited (U.S.A.)                     US-Delaware
Pepsi-Cola International Tanitim Ltd.                         Turkey
Pepsi-Cola International, Cork                                Ireland
Pepsi-Cola Kft. Hungary                                       Hungary
Pepsi-Cola Korea, Co. Ltd.                                    Korea
Pepsi-Cola Laurel Bottling Company                            Pennsylvania
Pepsi-Cola Magreb                                             Morocco
Pepsi-Cola Mamulleri Limited Sirketi                          Turkey
Pepsi-Cola Manufacturing (Ireland)                            Ireland
Pepsi-Cola Manufacturing (Mediterranean) Limited              Bermuda
Pepsi-Cola Manufacturing Company Of Uruguay S.A.              Uruguay
Pepsi-Cola Manufacturing Limited                              Bermuda
Pepsi-Cola Marketing Corp. Of P.R., Inc.                      Puerto Rico
Pepsi-Cola Metropolitan Bottling Company, Inc.                New Jersey
Pepsi-Cola Mexicana, S.A. de C.V.                             Mexico
Pepsi-Cola Operating Company Of Chesapeake And Indianapolis   Delaware
Pepsi-Cola Panamericana, Inc.                                 Delaware
Pepsi-Cola Panamericana, S.A.                                 Venezuela
Pepsi-Cola Personnel, Inc.                                    Delaware
Pepsi-Cola S.A.                                               Switzerland
Pepsi-Cola Service Ve Dagitim                                 Turkey
Pepsi-Cola SR                                                 Slovak Republic
Pepsi-Cola Tea Company                                        Delaware
Pepsi-Cola U.K. limited                                       United Kingdom
Pepsi Foods Ltd.                                              India
Pepsi International Bottlers LLC                              Delaware
Pepsi International Bottlers OOO                              Russia
Pepsi International Bottlers Trading OOO                      Russia
Pepsi International Bottlers(Nizhny Novgorod)                 Russia
Pepsi International Bottlers(Novosibirsk)                     Russia
Pepsi International Bottlers(Samara)                          Russia
Pepsi International Bottlers(Yekaterinburg)                   Russia
Pepsi International Bottling System, Inc.                     Delaware
Pepsi Snacks Argentina S.A.                                   Argentina
Pepsi Stuff, Inc.                                             Delaware
PepsiCo - Sociedade Comercial Exportadora S.A.                Brazil
PepsiCo & Cia                                                 Brazil
PepsiCo & Cia Brazil (Bev, COBO & consol)                     Brazil
PepsiCo & Cia Brazil (Foods) (PFI)                            Brazil
PepsiCo (China) Ltd.                                          China
PepsiCo (India) Holdings                                      India
PepsiCo (Ireland) Limited                                     Ireland
PepsiCo Australia Holdings Pty Ltd                            Australia
PepsiCo Canada Finance LLC                                    Delaware
PepsiCo Captive Holdings, Inc.                                Delaware
PepsiCo Comercial Exportadora                                 Brazil
PepsiCo de Mexico S.A. de C.V.                                Mexico
PepsiCo do Brasil Ltda.                                       Brazil
PepsiCo do Brazil Holdings Ltda.                              Brazil
PepsiCo Espana Inversiones S.L.                               Spain
PepsiCo Estonia                                               Estonia
PepsiCo Europe Holdings B.V.                                  Netherlands
PepsiCo Finance (Antilles B) N.V.                             Neth. Antilles
PepsiCo Finance (South Africa) (Proprietary) Ltd.             South Africa
PepsiCo Finance (U.K.) Ltd.                                   United Kingdom
PepsiCo Fleet Services Limited                                United Kingdom
PepsiCo Food Service Training, Inc.                           Delaware
PepsiCo Foods & Beverages International Limited               United Kingdom
PepsiCo Foods (China) Co. Ltd.                                China
PepsiCo Foods Hellas                                          Greece
PepsiCo Foods International Holdings, Inc.                    Delaware
PepsiCo Foods International Pte Ltd.                          Singapore
PepsiCo Foreign Sales Corporation                             Barbados
PepsiCo Global Investments B.V.                               Netherlands
PepsiCo Global Investments II BV                              Netherlands
PepsiCo Holdings                                              United Kingdom
PepsiCo Holdings OOO                                          Russia
PepsiCo International Ltd.                                    United Kingdom
PepsiCo International Trading (Shanghai) Ltd.                 China
PepsiCo Investment (China) Ltd.                               China
PepsiCo Investments (Europe) I B.V.                           Netherlands
PepsiCo Investments (Europe) II B.V.                          Netherlands
PepsiCo IVI S.A.                                              Greece
PepsiCo Light BV                                              Netherlands
PepsiCo Max BV                                                Netherlands
PepsiCo Nominees (Proprietary) Limited                        South Africa
PepsiCo Nordic Denmark A/S                                    Denmark
PepsiCo Nordic Finland OY                                     Finland
PepsiCo Nordic Norway A/S                                     Norway
PepsiCo Nordic Sweden AB                                      Sweden
PepsiCo Overseas Corporation                                  Delaware
PepsiCo Pacific Trading Company, Limited                      Hong Kong
PepsiCo Pension Management Services, Ltd.                     Delaware
PepsiCo Products B.V.                                         Netherlands
PepsiCo Property Management Limited                           United Kingdom
PepsiCo Puerto Rico, Inc.                                     Delaware
PepsiCo Russia Holdings GmbH                                  Germany
PepsiCo Services International Inc.                           Delaware
PepsiCo Trading sp.zo.o                                       Poland
PepsiCo U.K. Pension Trust Limited                            United Kingdom
PepsiCo Ukraine Ltd.                                          Ukraine
PepsiCo Ventas Andalucia, S.A.                                Spain
PepsiCo World Trading Company (U.K.) Limited                  United Kingdom
PepsiCo World Trading Company, Inc.                           Delaware
PepsiCo Worldwide Holdings                                    Neth. Antilles
Perla del Norte S.A.                                          Argentina
Pet-Iberia, S.L.                                              Spain
PFI Agriculture Europe Ltd.                                   United Kingdom
PFI Italia S.R.L.                                             Italy
PGCC, Inc.                                                    US-United States
Pine International LLC                                        Delaware
Pizza Hut of Utah, Inc.                                       United States
Pizza Hut, Inc.                                               Delaware
Pizza Hut, Inc. of California                                 United States
Planters UK Limited                                           United Kingdom
Praga 45, Inc.                                                US-Delaware
President Pepsi Food Corporation                              Taiwan
Procesos Plasticos, SA de CV                                  Mexico
Productos Industrializados Saltillo, S.A.                     Mexico
Productos S.A.S. C.V.                                         Netherlands
Productos SAS Management BV                                   Netherlands
Productos Victoria, S.A. De C.V.                              Mexico
Progress Service, Inc.                                        Florida
Promocion y Distribucion Alimenticia                          Mexico
Promotora de Embotelladoras, SA de CV                         Mexico
Promotora De Empresas, S.A. De C.V.                           Mexico
PRS, Inc.                                                     Delaware
Pub Realty, Inc.                                              California
Punch N.V.                                                    Neth. Antilles
Purificadora de Agua Cancun, SA de CV                         Mexico
Purificadora de Agua Los Reyes, SA de CV                      Mexico
Rabapet Kft.                                                  Hungary
Radenska                                                      Slovenia
Rantlow Limited                                               Ireland
Recot, Inc.                                                   Delaware
Recot, Inc.                                                   Delaware
Red Baron                                                     Argentina
Red Dot A.G., Zurich                                          Switzerland
Red Maple LLC                                                 Delaware
Redux Realty, Inc.                                            Delaware
Refrescos de Iguala, SA de CV                                 Mexico
Refrescos y Bebidas de Aguascalientes, S.A. de C.V.           Mexico
Refrigerantes sul Riograndenses S.A.                          Brazil
Regia-Comercial E Publicidade Ltda.                           Brazil
Rice Bottling Enterprises, Inc.                               Tennessee
Rio Grande Snack Company                                      Delaware
Ruscan, Inc.                                                  New York
S.V.E. (Hungary) Trading and Manufacturing Limited            Hungary
S.W. Frito-Lay, Ltd                                           Texas
Sabritas de Costa Rica, S. de R.L.                            Costa Rica
Sabritas de Honduras, S. de R.L.                              Honduras
Sabritas de Panama, SA                                        Panama
Sabritas Trust                                                Mexico
Sabritas y Compania, SCA                                      El Salvador
Sabritas, LLC                                                 Delaware
Sabritas, S.A. De C.V.                                        Mexico
Saudi Snack Foods Company Limited                             Saudi Arabia
Savoy Brands Colombia C.A.                                    Colombia
Savoy Brands Peru, C.A.                                       Peru
Savoy Brands Venezuela C.A.                                   Venezuela
Senrab Limited                                                Ireland
Serm Suk Public Company Limited                               Thailand
Servi-Facil, S.A.                                             Mexico
Servi Agua, SA de CV                                          Mexico
Servicios Administrativos Suma, SA de CV                      Mexico
Servicios Calificados, S.A. de C.V.                           Mexico
Servicios Corporativos GEMEX, SA de CV                        Mexico
Seven-Up Andino, S.A.                                         Ecuador
Seven-Up Asia, Inc.                                           Missouri
Seven-Up Concesiones                                          Argentina
Seven-Up Espana S.A.                                          Spain
Seven-Up Europe Limited                                       United Kingdom
Seven-Up Great Britain                                        Missouri
Seven-Up International, Inc.                                  Delaware
Seven-Up Investments B.V.                                     Netherlands
Seven-Up Ireland Limited                                      Ireland
Seven-Up Light BV                                             Netherlands
Seven-Up Marketing, S.A.                                      Delaware
Seven-Up Nederland B.V.                                       Netherlands
Seven-Up Southern Hemisphere, Inc.                            Missouri
Shanghai Pepsi-Cola Beverage Company Ltd.                     China
Shanghai PepsiCo Snacks Company Limited                       China
Shanghai Tropicana Beverages Co., Ltd.                        China
Shelbyville Bottling Company, Inc.                            Tennessee
Shelbyville Bottling Company, Inc. -Netherland Antilles       Neth. Antilles
Shenzhen Pepsi-Cola Beverage Co. Ltd.                         China
Sichuan Pepsi-Cola Beverage Co. Ltd.                          China
Sierra del Mer SAIC                                           Argentina
SIH International LLC                                         Delaware
Sika Silk Company Limited                                     China
Simba                                                         South Africa
Smartfoods, Inc.                                              Delaware
Smiths Crisps Limited                                         United Kingdom
Smiths Food Group, B.V.                                       Netherlands
Snack Food Belgium S.A.                                       Belgium
Snack Ventures Europe SCA                                     Belgium
Snack Ventures Inversiones, S.L.                              Spain
Snacks Ventures S.A.                                          Spain
Sociedad Productora de Refrescos y Sabores, C.A.              Venezuela
Sottano S.A.                                                  Argentina
Special Edition Beverages Limited                             New Zealand
Special Editions Enterprises Ltd.                             New Zealand
Spint de Mexico, S.A. de C.V.                                 Mexico
Spirituosen e Companhia Comercio E Distribucao de Bebidas     Portugal
Spirituosen S.A.                                              Spain
Sportmex Internacional, S.A. De C.V.                          Mexico
SVE France SAS                                                France
SVE Italia                                                    Italy
Syrena Sodycze Sp. z o.o.                                     Poland
Taco Bell (U.K.) Limited                                      London
Taco Bell de Mexico S.A. de C.V.                              Mexico
Tanurin, S.A. de C.V.                                         Mexico
Tastes of Adventures Pty. Ltd.                                Australia
Tasty Foods Bulgaria                                          Bulgaria
Tasty Foods Egypt SAE                                         Egypt
Tasty Foods S.A.                                              Greece
Terrenos y Fincas de Rio Verde, S.A. de C.V.                  Mexico
TFL Holdings, Inc.                                            Delaware
TFL, Inc.                                                     Delaware
TGCC, Inc.                                                    Delaware
The Beverage S.R.L.                                           Italy
The Concentrate Manufacturing Company Of Ireland              Ireland
The Original Pretzel Company Pty. Ltd.                        Australia
The Pepsi-Cola Soft Drink Factory of Sochi, OOO               Russia
The Radical Fruit Company                                     Ireland
The Smiths Snackfood Company Pty. Ltd.                        Australia
Tianjin Pepsi-Cola Beverage Co. Ltd.                          China
Tianjin PepsiCo Foods Co. Ltd.                                China
TPI Urban Renewal Corporation                                 New Jersey
Tricon Global Inmobiliaria, S.A. de C.V.                      Mexico
Tricon Global PHM, S.A. de C.V.                               Mexico
Tricon Global Pizza Hut Mexicana, S.A. de C.V.                Mexico
Tropicana (Europe) GmbH                                       Germany
Tropicana Argentina S.A.                                      Argentina
Tropicana Beverages Company                                   India
Tropicana Beverages Greater China Limited                     Hong Kong
Tropicana Beverages Hong Kong Ltd.                            Hong Kong
Tropicana Beverages Ltd.                                      Hong Kong
Tropicana Brazil Suscos Ltda                                  Brazil
Tropicana China Beihai Food Company Ltd.                      China
Tropicana China Investments Ltd.                              Hong Kong
Tropicana Europe NV (Belgium)                                 Belgium
Tropicana Europe S. A. (France)                               France
Tropicana France S. A. (France)                               France
Tropicana Payroll, Inc.                                       Florida
Tropicana Products, Inc.                                      Delaware
Tropicana Products, Ltd. (Canada)                             Canada
Tropicana Transportation Corporation                          Delaware
Tropicana United Kingdom Ltd. (UK)                            United Kingdom
Twinpack Atlantic Inc.                                        Canada
Ukranian Developmental Corp.                                  Ukraine
United Foods Company S.A.                                     Brazil
United Soft Drinks Limited                                    Hong Kong
Uruguay Preform S.A.                                          Uruguay
Uzay Gida Sanayi Ve Ticaret A.S.                              Turkey
Veurne Snackfoods BVBA                                        Belgium
Walkers Crisps Limited                                        United Kingdom
Walkers Distribution Ltd.                                     United Kingdom
Walkers Snack Foods Limited                                   United Kingdom
Walkers Snacks Ltd.                                           United Kingdom
Weinkellerei Franz Weber Gmbh, Nierstein                      Germany
Western Bottling Company, Inc.                                Washington
Wetter Beverage Company                                       Delaware
Wilson International Sales Corporation                        Delaware
Zrodlo Pniewy Sp.z.o.o.                                       Poland

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-23
<SEQUENCE>6
<DESCRIPTION>REPORT AND CONSENT OF KPMG LLP
<TEXT>

                                                                      EXHIBIT 23

                  Report and Consent of Independent Auditors

The Board of Directors
PepsiCo, Inc.

The audits  referred to in our report dated February 1, 1999,  except as to Note
18,  which is as of March 8, 1999,  included  the  related  financial  statement
schedule as of December  26, 1998,  and for each of the years in the  three-year
period ended December 26, 1998 listed in the accompanying  index at Item 14(a)2.
The  financial  statement  schedule  is  the  responsibility  of  the  Company's
management.  Our  responsibility  is to express  an  opinion  on this  financial
statement schedule based on our audits. In our opinion, such financial statement
schedule,  when  considered  in  relation  to the basic  consolidated  financial
statements taken as a whole,  presents  fairly,  in all material  respects,  the
information set forth therein.

We consent to the use of our reports included herein (or incorporated  herein by
reference) in the following Registration Statements on:


 Description                                                Registration 
 -----------                                                Statement Number
                                                            ----------------
Form S-3
- --------
PepsiCo SharePower Stock Option Plan for PCDC
 Employees                                                  33-42121
$32,500,000 Puerto Rico Industrial, Medical and
 Environmental Pollution Control Facilities
 Financing Authority Adjustable Rate Industrial
 Revenue Bonds                                              33-53232
Extension of the PepsiCo SharePower Stock Option
 Plan to Employees of Snack Ventures Europe, a
 joint venture between  PepsiCo Foods International
 and General Mills, Inc.                                    33-50685
$4,587,000,000 Debt Securities and Warrants                 33-64243


Form S-8
- --------
PepsiCo SharePower Stock Option Plan                        33-35602,
                                                            33-42058,33-29037,
                                                            33-54731 & 33-51496,
                                                            33-66150
1988 Director Stock Plan                                    33-22970
1979 Incentive Plan and the 1987 Incentive Plan             33-19539
1994 Long-Term Incentive Plan                               33-54733
1995 Stock Option Incentive Plan                            33-61731 &
                                                            333-09363
1979 Incentive Plan                                         2-65410
PepsiCo, Inc. Long Term Savings Program                     2-82645,33-51514
                                                            & 33-60965



                                                 /s/ KPMG LLP
New York, New York
March 24, 1999



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-24
<SEQUENCE>7
<DESCRIPTION>POWER OF ATTORNEY
<TEXT>

EXHIBIT 24

                                POWER OF ATTORNEY


PepsiCo,  Inc. ("PepsiCo") and each of the undersigned,  an officer or director,
or both, of PepsiCo,  do hereby  appoint  Robert F. Sharpe,  Jr. and Lawrence F.
Dickie,  and  each  of  them  severally,   its,  his  or  her  true  and  lawful
attorney-in-fact  to  execute  on  behalf of  PepsiCo  and the  undersigned  the
following documents and any and all amendments thereto (including post-effective
amendments):

(i)  Registration Statements No. 33-53232 and 33-64243 relating to the offer and
     sale of  PepsiCo's  Debt  Securities  and  Warrants,  and any  registration
     statements  deemed  by  any  such   attorney-in-fact  to  be  necessary  or
     appropriate  to register the offer and sale of debt  securities or warrants
     by  PepsiCo or  guarantees  by  PepsiCo  of any of its  subsidiaries'  debt
     securities or warrants;

(ii) Registration  Statements  No.  33-4635,   33-21607,   33-30372,   33-31844,
     33-37271,  33-37978,  33-47314  and  33-47527  all  relating to the primary
     and/or  secondary  offer  and  sale of  PepsiCo  Capital  Stock  issued  or
     exchanged in connection with acquisition transactions, and any registration
     statements  deemed  by  any  such   attorney-in-fact  to  be  necessary  or
     appropriate  to register  the primary  and/or  secondary  offer and sale of
     PepsiCo Capital Stock issued or exchanged in acquisition transactions;

(iii)Registration  Statements  No.  33-29037,   33-35602,   33-42058,  33-51496,
     33-54731 33-42121,  33-50685 and 33-66150 relating to the offer and sale of
     shares of PepsiCo Capital Stock under the PepsiCo SharePower Stock; and any
     registration statements deemed by any such attorney-in-fact to be necessary
     or appropriate to register the offer and sale of shares of PepsiCo  Capital
     Stock under the  PepsiCo  SharePower  Stock  Option  Plan to  employees  of
     PepsiCo or otherwise;

(iv) Registration  Statements No.  2-82645,  33-51514 and 33-60965  covering the
     offer and sale of  shares  of  PepsiCo  Capital  Stock  under the Long Term
     Savings Program of PepsiCo,  and any registration  statements deemed by any
     such  attorney-in-fact to be necessary or appropriate to register the offer
     and sale of shares of PepsiCo  Capital  Stock  under the long term  savings
     programs of any other subsidiary of PepsiCo;

(v)  Registration  Statements No. 33-61731 and No.  333-09363  pertaining to the
     offer and sale of PepsiCo  Capital Stock under  PepsiCo's 1995 Stock Option
     Incentive Plan, Registration Statement No. 33-54733,  relating to the offer
     and sale of shares of PepsiCo  Capital Stock under PepsiCo's 1994 Long-Term
     Incentive Plan,  Registration  Statement No. 33-19539 relating to the offer
     and sale of shares of PepsiCo  Capital Stock under PepsiCo's 1987 Incentive
     Plan and resales of such shares by  officers of PepsiCo,  and  Registration
     Statement No.  2-65410  relating to the offer and sale of shares of PepsiCo
     Capital Stock under PepsiCo's 1979 Incentive Plan, 1972  Performance  Share
     Plan, as amended,  and various option plans,  and resales of such shares by
     officers of PepsiCo;

(vi) Registration  Statement  No.  33-22970  relating  to the  offer and sale of
     shares of PepsiCo Capital Stock under PepsiCo's 1988 Director Stock Plan;

(vii)all other applications, reports, registrations,  information, documents and
     instruments  filed or required to be filed by PepsiCo  with the  Securities
     and Exchange Commission,  any stock exchanges or any governmental  official
     or agency in  connection  with the  listing,  registration  or  approval of
     PepsiCo  Capital  Stock,   PepsiCo  debt  securities  or  warrants,   other
     securities or PepsiCo  guarantees of its  subsidiaries'  debt securities or
     warrants,  or the offer  and sale  thereof,  or in order to meet  PepsiCo's
     reporting requirements to such entities or persons;


<PAGE>


and to file  the  same,  with  all  exhibits  thereto  and  other  documents  in
connection  therewith,  and each of such  attorneys  shall have the power to act
hereunder with or without the other.

IN WITNESS  WHEREOF,  the  undersigned has executed this instrument on March 23,
1999.

                                          PepsiCo, Inc.


                                    By:   /s/ ROBERT F. SHARPE, JR.
                                          Robert F. Sharpe, Jr.
                                          Senior Vice President, General
                                          Counsel and Secretary

/s/ ROGER A. ENRICO                         /s/ KARL M. VON DER HEYDEN
Roger A. Enrico                             Karl M. von der Heyden
Chairman of the Board and  Chief Executive  Vice Chairman of the Board
Officer

/s/ SEAN F. ORR                             /s/ ROBERT E. ALLEN
Sean F. Orr                                 Robert E. Allen
Senior Vice President and Controller        Director
(Chief Accounting Officer)      
                                            /s/ PETER FOY
/s/ MICHAEL D. WHITE                        Peter Foy                     
Michael D. White                            Director
Chief Financial Officer                       

/s/ JOHN F. AKERS                           /s/ RAY L. HUNT
John F. Akers                               Ray L. Hunt
Director                                    Director

/s/ JOHN J. MURPHY                          /s/ STEVEN S REINEMUND
John J. Murphy                              Steven S Reinemund
Director                                    Chairman and Chief  Executive  
                                            Officer of The Frito-Lay Company 
                                            and Director
<PAGE>

/s/ SHARON PERCY ROCKEFELLER                /s/ FRANKLIN A. THOMAS
Sharon Percy Rockefeller                    Franklin A. Thomas
Director                                    Director

/s/ P. ROY VAGELOS                          /s/ CRAIG E. WEATHERUP
- ------------------                          ----------------------
P. Roy Vagelos                              Craig E. Weatherup
Director                                    Chairman and Chief  Executive  
                                            Officer of The Pepsi Bottling Group
/s/ ARNOLD R. WEBER                         and Director
- -------------------
Arnold R. Weber
Director

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-27
<SEQUENCE>8
<DESCRIPTION>FINANCIAL DATA SCHEDULE FOR THE 1998 10-K
<TEXT>

<TABLE> <S> <C>

<ARTICLE>            5
<LEGEND>             THIS SCHEDULE CONTAINS SUMMARY FINANCIAL INFORMATION
                     EXTRACTED FROM PEPSICO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  CONSOLIDATED
                     FINANCIAL  STATEMENTS FOR THE 52 WEEK PERIOD ENDED DECEMBER
                     26, 1998 AND IS  QUALIFIED  IN ITS ENTIRETY BY REFERENCE TO
                     SUCH FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.
</LEGEND>
<CIK>                0000077476
<NAME>               PepsiCo, Inc.
<MULTIPLIER>         1,000,000
       
<S>                            <C>
<PERIOD-TYPE>                         Year
<FISCAL-YEAR-END>              Dec-26-1998
<PERIOD-END>                   Dec-26-1998
<CASH>                                 311
<SECURITIES>                            83
<RECEIVABLES>                        2,580
<ALLOWANCES>                           127
<INVENTORY>                          1,016
<CURRENT-ASSETS>                     4,362
<PP&E>                              13,110
<DEPRECIATION>                       5,792
<TOTAL-ASSETS>                      22,660
<CURRENT-LIABILITIES>                7,914
<BONDS>                              4,028
<PREFERRED-MANDATORY>                    0
<PREFERRED>                              0
<COMMON>                                29
<OTHER-SE>                           6,372
<TOTAL-LIABILITY-AND-EQUITY>        22,660
<SALES>                             22,348
<TOTAL-REVENUES>                    22,348
<CGS>                                9,330
<TOTAL-COSTS>                        9,330
<OTHER-EXPENSES>                         0
<LOSS-PROVISION>                        47
<INTEREST-EXPENSE>                     395
<INCOME-PRETAX>                      2,263
<INCOME-TAX>                           270
<INCOME-CONTINUING>                  1,993
<DISCONTINUED>                           0
<EXTRAORDINARY>                          0
<CHANGES>                                0
<NET-INCOME>                         1,993
<EPS-PRIMARY>                         1.35
<EPS-DILUTED>                         1.31
        

</TABLE>
</TEXT>


</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
